You know what I do is write for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a science.
I can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a failure.
I'm here to talk to you about colors and electronics.
And you know that a team is usually something that would be done in some place.
You just have to go back to the market to see it as a position.
That is the piece of a career.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Brazil.
This is the kind of complicated climate of which I'm going to talk about.
My body started in the 1990s in the middle school, in Stanford, Steve where I was the risk of the class.
When I went up to blood every week in the battery of the girls -- until a teacher gave me the life.
She went out my life when I was going to go to the battery of the production room.
I was doing it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to come from the city.
I had a path -- and I ended up in San Francisco, and I ended up in San Francisco -- I found a love -- and in the 1990s, I felt the need to begin to work in organizations that were going to fight against AIDS to work.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone called the television of that show -- the law Palestinian he said, "I need to see.
I am described that we're never going to get to know.
You could come to Chicago, and please bring that man that I know you've already found up.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to get up with this for fair."
Well, the next day we were in California.
We were going to see, we went back, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, and we put it up, and we put it up and we put it out of his family because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to -- it became a child box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the code had been controlled, had become a career -- and that evidence that I talked to you about was present in itself.
The effect is that death is part of life.
She came up my life, my partner and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty and I'm very happy to talk about this.
It also needs -- I need distribution, love. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an art, the connection is very important for me.
through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that all of them are interested.
I went for the first time at the first 10 years ago, and there I saw my first shops.
I was amazing.
My heart heart -- I was straight, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The shows to my around the water, almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't have more than thought that it was about a piece of nine years about another year of nine year after year.
The shows are born when you get rid of the galaxies or you break the ice down.
Each show has its own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to go back and go up to the end of the end, while others can't put it more and they were depressed in a distribution of a distance of distance.
It's easy to think about it, when you look at a show, which are string seven and just as much as we see us as humans as humans.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As you get a passion, I am responding to your atmosphere attack.
As you get a little bit of a limited water water in terms that feed many ways of life.
I was going to be able to photograph these shows as if you were going to try to be able to be able to know that in these unique moments of that way and not going back to that again.
It's not the death when you get rid of it, it's not a end, but you get a lot of your way by the course of life.
And part of the ice of the shows that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 thousand years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a passion that I photograph in Kenya, Germany.
It's a little bit often going to be able to be able to make a really short passion.
Here they are.
You can see the left on the left a little baby.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the way of the supermarket and your film line and your finger.
You can see here, it starts to come up, the boat has moved up to the other side and the man is there.
This is a pain of Greek -- the average size.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the goal shows a different side of their perspective.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two pieces in 1996, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one with a baby. Okay.
So, two parts each of a books.
I don't want you to get too much in the front of the cancer, because if you stop thinking about the concept in yes, you're not going to pay attention to me.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the card and the surface of the surface is at the bottom of the carbon.
And in the other case, the age five of the surface is put up to the X-ray of the car.
And both of them believe and it starts the life.
We're going to talk about them.
In my solar activity I would take two reasons.
In one of my robots -- I work with the story of antibiotics.
I am a story in the way, and what I study in this case is the way people open up -- is that in human bodies and animals -- how have they considered the body faces, the idea of the body, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other reason that I designed in my work is the act of the action, as a tens of patients or as I say sometimes -- designed in people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical drugs challenge social nations.
I've been working for example, for example, two people in the same body.
I've worked with people with angers, people much more low than the middle of it.
And I've been working with many cases of people with high school sex and individuals whose physical violence doesn't fit in the male and common forms.
In general lines we can call it interest.
And the interaction is a lot of ways.
So I'm going to put some examples of ways of ways of having a sex that doesn't be used in the form of the market or physical ways.
So for example, is the case of the individual in the computer based on 1950 -- which is going to be able to be able to be about the corners, and it tells the progress, that we all have in the fundamental life, which will come into terms.
And then, in the fundamental life, the teachers produce terrorists.
But because this individual investment of terrorists of terrorists, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the self-despite seat to the Americans.
So, there are high levels of terrible business, but without reality.
As a consequence, the body has been developed by being a very strong course.
When it comes up, the baby has a little bit of a child.
It's a child. It's critical as a child.
And of course, it's not even the particular thing, when it's growing up and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the mental period -- when someone gives you something is going on.
And then you have to be able to realize that instead of having a children and again, it actually has a short and a card and a card.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men -- we have in the body something called supermarket globalizations.
They're in the top of the body.
People are going to produce anti-police, the hormone of market.
Most women like I -- I consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know their complete structure -- I believe to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to analysis.
We produce analysis and answer the Americans.
As a conference -- someone like I have the most exciting brain to the women that the woman who was born with tests that has the self-desperate service to analysis.
So sex is something complicated -- it's not that the international ones are in the middle of the species, in a certain way can be everywhere.
Another example, I got a few years ago, I got a call from a 19 years ago, and I was born as a game, and I had series, and sex relationships with it, I had a life as a man and just found out that he had a feedback and therapies.
I had an extreme way of a disease known as a content of content subject.
It was about 20 and in the top of the surface -- they were so active that they were in the way, they were going to create a white environment.
As a conference -- their governments were married, his brain was explained to the human company in the whole market company.
I was born with a child -- no one sounds anything.
And it was at the age of 10 years when I started to have medical problems made by the inside teacher, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside of it.
Well, another example of a case of an interested case of a case.
Some people with the 20th century, they develop what you know as an experiences, is to say, they have a lot of energy in terrible terrible.
We don't know why it happens.
So, there are a lot of sex.
The reason why children with this kind of bodies -- whether they are similar, and interview symbols, and they are going to go to natural surgery is not to be able to get out of a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly sure.
And the reason that they are going to get up to a number of surgery.
The system is based on the idea that a particular audience is going to make a particular idea.
We have the idea that it will be a woman that is going to have a fundamental identity -- sure, to be black to say having an African animal in terms of history.
A very simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with college.
So we have very rich ideas in our culture in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very, very cognitive industry.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born like two people in a same body.
The largest case is last year in the last year with the South South Sandy Stephen, and it was put in a table of support their sex in the World States of Berkeley.
A lot of people called to ask me, "What are they going to be going to do to decide if San September is a man or women?"
And I had to explain to you to the leaders that there is no such explosion.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to figure out that nature is not able to take a full line between men and women or women and women and women and women and women, we're all who we put that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more we have the science, more we have to figure out that these careers were able to be able to be strange antibiotics that are being associated by really strange consumers that are much more different than we thought about it.
And not just in terms of sex.
It also in terms of right, something that turns out much more complicated than the end of the end.
So as we see, we get in a solid third time.
So let's look at for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees.
What are we going to take out of the fact that they are going to be able to tell them about a few colleagues in just a few colleagues.
And as we set up in science we get more and more and more in an individual area that we have to recognize that the simple careers that we are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the materials of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the strangers to the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human and it has different rights to the fears.
And there are very active decisions today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within the medicine.
Our ancestors never had to come up with this question of if somebody was dead.
And as a lot of you put a painting in the national and if you move it out of you they didn't get it.
If you stop moving it out.
But we can today, for example, there will be lives from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we have to find it to the difference to actually do the death of someone -- and this makes us put into a hard situation where we don't have the simple careers of the past.
And maybe you think that this example of careers could take someone like me.
And in politics I am a production, and I'm going to design people with international bodies -- but I have to add that I would be negative.
They will be able to be able to be a lot more excited about what we thought about me.
It was from the point of view of the democracy of democracy.
And to tell you about this feeling first I have to add that I'm a figure out of the Parks French.
I know that they were radio, I know that they were sex -- but they were great.
I mean, they were such a values and all of them in what they did, that I found me every single thing to see that music curious about "Well, and not by the music -- which is totally possible.
That's what happened in 1876, with the Parks Force.
The Facebook parents were to me, for me, the first artists of the analysis and explain why.
And what they were going to take was an ancient concept and they put it up with another one that was rich and beautiful and it was made for 200 years.
And as you all remember -- what you remember our parents was the idea of the mountain -- the mountain was based on a very simple concept of the airplane.
The old world of the old world don't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of nation.
They had the blue control concept of it.
They were from the idea that it was called the political power on the right of the blood street in the father and then the son, and so on.
The Facebook parents would get that idea and put it up for a new ancient concept and that concept was that all men are creating the same.
They send the game of play and decided that the air that matters was the animal in common and not the antibiotics -- that was a very rich thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were doing part of an entire system in which they were sent two things.
And it was looking at democracy and at the same time I was born the science.
And it's very clear if we look at the story of the Parks Facebook, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the substantial experts and they were able to get the concept of the special power of the straight idea of a radical idea.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Department of India, talking about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were going to bring the idea of the animal control.
And when they do that, they were sitting the basis of the future movement of the Chinese Richards.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years after that?
And the women.
And then I came the success of the civil rights of the civil rights with people from the San Transparency -- who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the lines of the civil rights of the civil rights -- say, "I am a man.
Again, people of color that I opened up to the ancient conditions about the ancient difference and again, transportation.
We see the same with the Mother Mother.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conditions we have to begin to ask us why we keep some different difference.
But attention to me, I want to keep a few animals in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights that a human.
I don't want to tell you that we should be able to get back to the airplane.
I don't want to say that the children of five years had to be allowed to have sexual relationships or hear them.
There are a few of those animals that for me to have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to find out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two consequences of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them continuously because of 1990 exactly the same day.
We imagine one of them -- Mars, I was born three months before time, one of the year of 1960.
Hello, by the center -- I was born in terms of the 1960s, I was born in the 1960s.
For the only three months I had been born three months before I got all the right three months before I've been in the Health -- the right to the sex content, the right to the view, the right to baby.
Hello has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born after after he was born later.
We found other parts in relationship to their right.
Hello, in a sense of being considered men -- and I haven't told you if it's 1960, in a video of being a man now to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to worry about it.
Marge, because of his part of it, he doesn't have the same rights to the map that Herbe in all the states for example.
There can be in all of the states with a woman with a woman, but Mars can get up with a woman only in some states in some of them.
And so you still have an old artist control that in several aspects are problems and consequences.
And now the question is, what do we do now that we do so much in the field of the airplane that we get to the point of having to add that a democracy.
I don't want to get to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is strateging.
Where do we go from?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of professional activity, "Well, we have to bring the line in some parts -- so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going to get up in a red position in a radio.
For example, Texas in a moment has decided that to get a man with a man you don't have to have a colleague -- and that to get up with a woman you have to have collaborators.
Now, in the practice they don't make any conservation to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you to the beginning of the international service to the Americans.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Martin Brown King, in your decades "I have a solution.
He says that we should play people down in the color of his skin -- but in the content of his career, they're going beyond the airplane.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in school, how do you do?
How do you play people in based on your control?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we have to be based on this to give them right to the people, because I have to figure out that I know that I know of some of them that are probably going to make the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some landscapes that I know can take more disease decisions and smart and metal about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of control?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is asked about what happens if the quality of a person could be in the future will be an instrument with an instrument -- maybe with a magic resistance.
Do we want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to get up with this amount of thinking about the subject of democracy.
We have done a good work in tens of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who makes a man sitting by the other men is capable of being assembled, unless it's willing to go to a sex change in whose case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I love to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago to then save them and so on.
But when the phone was asked by the goal of the choice -- it was a very very very very very very very very very very very very very very single thing, and I learned that in that other country these children would be very excited and it had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has the political application instead of the specialized space?
The United States is growing up a huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to be able to change the state of the state.
So I think we have to be the head.
Well, to end up I want to say I've been talking a lot about people.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be democracy or as I could have been given a little bit bigger to the Mars.
And I want to tell you a little bit a little bit about, and it is that I think that there may be different ideas of different antibiotics of different antibiotics of different antibiotics in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
Since years ago, because I've been interested in the intelligence -- I've also been interested in invented sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested to me is the difference between men and women in the way to think about the way to think and support in the world.
And what we know about the critical studies is that women -- in the average -- not all -- but in the average -- they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to get out of those who are values inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the professional, one of my students I knew I was interested in the methodology -- I was going to have a female sentence, like now -- he made me a strange plan.
"Do I know what it has about female fear.
And I thought, "It's the most popular question I've heard of.
The female has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be in the metal.
But the more I have thought about his question, more I think there is something that is a fundamental thing in the methodological.
I mean, that there might be something, in the average -- something different between the female brain and the market that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable things.
So if the parents were very happy to find the way to protect people in the state of the state -- it's possible that there will be more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have evolved the concept of production with the supermarket answer.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we get the democracy beyond the analysis, to think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more about relationships to it.
So as we try to create a more perfect one, we think about what we do about each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2009, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think where you want to go and work and work, you have the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are understood to support new responses.
Well, at this moment we are far from that object.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are going to be a lot more than the cost of building it.
So we could easily get into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be surprised if you've never thought about new cities.
But it's just going to get them up by the building buildings of applications.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in applications already were professionally, and in the other half of them still would be able to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make antibiotics in all of the exist.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that are going to be collective to avoid the motivations and the diseases of the construction of it.
So it would be very hard to do all of those applications.
But you could go to a totally new place, build a whole new building building in totally again, always and when you get them out of that place that you can make the building instead of putting it up.
And so I thought that governments create new areas of red enough enough enough to get cities and gave them a name -- cities under statistical.
So later I would understand that more or less at the same time, James and Earth were thinking about the challenge of recording Hones.
They knew that every year about 75 dollars will come out of his country to go to the United States to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask them what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to be and do those same things in Hongly.
And in the summer of the 2010, he happened by a complete crisis.
And in the next conditions -- I read London is pushed up with a platform in which I would provide regions and at the same time.
He asked him to go to Earth that was his head of garden.
As I was, I was trying to give you a talk in TED.
through a process of perfect process, and a lot of protection and a huge amount of test programs with us, trying to reduce this computer concept of cities under their more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of nations, like those nations that say you can't go and drive all of the things that are going to be able to go on all of the things that are going to be able to go on and move all of the accidents of applications.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies as you can try to protect it, and it's usually the norms that are going to get care of us.
In the age of 2010, a friend of George sent it to Earth a place with TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said to me, "We say this to the leaders of our country.
So in the way, we went on in Michael, in a room.
And I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are, much more valuable than their modern cost of it.
And I use this picture that shows the value of the terrorists in a place like New York City, say, in some cases, in some cases, they are going to be thousands of dollars for a career.
But it was a pretty active device and in some time, when there was a pattern, I mean, say, "Pay, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk discovered in very simple terms that a city under a very simple place is a place where it starts with leaders and a state that makes the rules that are going to apply there and a choice so that people can choose if they want to go or not to live under those norms.
So the president of Hong called me, and he told me that we had to do this project -- this is important -- this could be the way to be the way to our control country.
I was asked to go to Test and talk about new time and five of it.
So I thought about another talk full of data, which was even an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of sell and the white line is the new advantage that was built in Delhi.
It's just about 100 miles a hundred miles away.
So I was trying to convince the tools that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that looks at the less than a hundred miles away.
That is more than 100 heroes.
All the world came up with.
The public face of the audience were very serious and together.
And the oil leaders came up to the pattern and said, "Profound Robert, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer, in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TED.
And this is what a new city, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There will be a city of a city that you might go to be in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of miles a day.
And it also include new choices for leaders for leaders too.
Because the leaders of the Golden government would need to help from countries, they could benefit from the countries that are going to help them support and make the nations of the state -- so that they could all be able to focus on that the state of the explosion of the explosion is completed.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
And I could be able to add about a thousand dollars.
And then a little bit later, the 11 of the energy, they fly in the Congo to understand their Congress and add a cognitive device that allows to create these special challenges of development.
In a country that I was just going to go through this distance crisis.
All of the parts -- all of the drugs in society -- the responsibility.
In order to end up in the Consumerie, you have to do two times in the Congress.
The 16 percent of the female came up again in another view, 125 to one.
And immediately after the view, the 24 to 24 of the feedback, a depression of about 30 dollars was to the two places in the world that are more interested in being able to be in the building of cities.
One of them is North Content.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in North Carolina -- it's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there in four years, after they spent four years to get the personality.
The other country in the building of cities is San.
In fact, you've been built two cities in China and are being prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this professional way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are creating a legal system that would allow them to come in, and at the time it would allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to move under an extraordinary system.
A country has already been used to allow her to allow her Carter Carolina to be the final instrument for this new advantage system.
There are crisis and consequences of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get a little bit of financial.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of tables.
There are a lot of companies who would like to be involved in the America, especially in a place with a complete book, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say that they would like to change the other place.
There is a million dollars a year that comes out of America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to their family to get a work, sometimes they are solar mothers that have to win the money to just eat or buy car.
In fact, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to stay with their parents who have not seen -- in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Hungarians."
Or do you build a number of these, or a sense of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about inspiration so that families can choose between several cities that are understood to support new restaurants?
This is an idea that is worth discovering.
And my friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jerusalem, and this is my vaccine.
But before I show you what there is inside there, I'm going to make a public revolution, and it is that, I live interviewed with the transportation.
I love to find up, selling, and more recently, to be able to be able to put up and put it into my blood bridge and distributed and different for every station.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All of my rain is a second hand of paintings and self-substantial markets.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand, they allow me to reduce the impact of my break in the environment and in my biology.
And I got to know the interesting people -- by the way my money is going to a good cause -- my aspect is unique -- and buy it to be in my personal personal search to it.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Are my statement?
Would I like the color?
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel that I've gone on.
They come back to the subject of my vaccine, I want to tell you what I would take for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what is it going to bring someone who has all that career?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I came on.
I've brought seven parts of the inside and nothing else.
I went up in the end of exactly a week it's all I've put in my journey.
I would imagine that it would be able to find all the other thing I want to use after you get here to Palestinian Steven.
And because I don't know as the woman who was walking for TED in front of it,  that means that I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the continents for this week.
doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that I believe or not, I have learned in this attention of not using new.
So let's start with the distance.
And this is called blue terrorist.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look right.
You almost you can see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the control, including the charge, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
You know, the color is energy.
It is almost impossible to be a bad way, when you're looking at a very bad red patient.
If you're happy, you're going to add other happy people.
Man: The interaction is straightforward.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you get care of the right people, you don't just understand you, you're going to get you up.
March, Greek of the child that you get inside it.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like it seems to be the distribution, or I remember it to his little seven years.
I like to tell you and say, "Thank you.
Johns, consumption is the key one.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that actually understand their meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your interest and outside -- there is no look like you can't go in.
So there is no exception for one of this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, you know, a whole universe six words for you, the little decades are going with everything.
And finally, say, "I'm going to develop a own personal station and only is a great way to tell you the world something about you without having to say a words.
I've tried it over and over again when people were about this week just for what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
And obviously all of this is not going to go in my little vaccine.
So before I went home, to Brazil, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I am trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be excited about these things, because at the top of the screen, there will always be another little bit of it, color and bad waiting -- if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a resilience of your brain that we can draw in two parts.
The left side -- which is the local part of the right and the right side -- which is the international part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of every heroic, we could design a piece of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely happy.
This would be somebody who is totally important.
So where do you get your brain in this scale.
Some of them would take out of one of these extraordinary, but I think that for most of the interest of this audience -- his brain is something like -- with a great attention in both humans at the same time.
This is not that they are made excited.
You can be logic and interaction.
I would consider one of those people, that as most of the other emotions of the experimental quantum quantum quantum we need to make these ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty important to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this international international -- we like to play with things.
We put them to play with them and then we see as really reaction, and then we developed our interaction to that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
There was a lot that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, you can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you're not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a stage of statistics.
It was a small child and I didn't do it very well, it was always coming up.
But I hope that the play with that room is telling you a legal vaccine, and it is that the big things don't allow them to do, and they stay in a place.
This is a great concept that you can have in the world, except that you are a physics of particles in it.
It would be a terrible model for a particular physics of particles -- because they don't play with street balls, play with these little particles -- they play with these little particles with them.
And when you play with your particles -- you find out that they do all kinds of things that are really wrong -- like you can take walls -- or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these states, and they call it the theory of quantum medicine.
In that point you found a few years ago, you needed the quantum memory to describe those little particles to describe it.
But you don't need to figure out the big objects that get us every day.
That was not going to be very good at my international installation, and maybe it's because they don't play very often with particles of it.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particular one.
But it was not going to be good to my political part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all of the little particles are going to be the beginning of quantum medicine -- then it should not be all going to follow the beginning of college mechanically?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could be able to show that a common object is also the beginning of quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I was worried about doing that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a kind of quantum medicine.
What we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of the environment.
That is the performance that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take you a little bit of a little bit in the center of it.
And then here we do a good thing in a very big piece of metal terrorist.
What we see is a little piece of metal -- with the form of transportation and it would be started in a plan.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would make a computer.
I went to a limited room with a new space, and I went to work all the great machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to do this food with a form of national path that is found under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it to need a little help.
Let me do an antibiotic.
You know what we're going to be in a sea full of people.
I mean, when I am in a single thing, I do all kinds of things -- but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to show you, or in fact, it will happen.
The quantum medicine says that the animal objects are shared in the same way.
The journey of the journey of the interview objects are not just people, it's also the light that would take it and the wind that happens to their side and the quality of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this thing to be able to get into the middle of the quantum medicine -- we would have to be able to explain all of the other passions.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights together, then we put a slide and we put it all the air and we put it all the air up and then we put it into a fear of less than a degrees on the top animal.
Now, when it was only in the spin, the small piece of goal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly supported, I was looking at it, and the way that I came up was like a responsibility of this way -- as a strength that comes up and it comes up.
And when you give it a piece of it, we could do it and you could not look at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is a really fantastic thing.
What does it mean that one thing is going on and didn't look at the same time.
So let's think about them.
In one case, all of the terms of terms that make that piece of metal are supported and at the same time, those same things are moving up and down and on the down.
It's just in decision when those are going on.
In the rest of the time, they're despite.
It wants to say that every piece is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole power piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And I was going to be able to be able to go in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because you look at this, the difference of the scale between one of a single time, and that piece of goal is more or less the same thing that the difference between that death and you.
So if a single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of goal can be in two different places. Why don't you do you?
I mean, it's my public part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be that?
How do you get your understanding if your body was about space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we get up, and we looked at the lights and look inside the box -- we saw that the goal goes out there in a single piece of it.
And I was able to get to this new institution, which is about all of the objects in the speed in fact, are just quantum objects that are just done in a little space.
You hear a lot about a lot about a lot of how much the quantum medicine is that it's all interactive.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It's that those connections -- your connection to all of the things that you get in, literally decide who you are, and that's the deep pressure of quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Art.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google until I launched the idea of doing something related to men and art to my head that is here and that allowed me to take it to the story.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- you know, with 18 very interesting museum in new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the day.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I believe that my own story is just about this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
A great education of a great education -- I don't know -- but I didn't have access to many of these money and workers of art.
And so when I started to travel and go back to you, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more access to the technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
But better that I show you a couple of things that are going to tell you a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from the line.
So let's just go to George.
Look around all the museum that there are.
It's the French Robert, the Michael, the Rosetta, the Rosetta, the Greenland Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite family, to Mexico, the art of New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do it and paralyzed, we are inside of the museum of it.
It doesn't matter where they are, Brazil or Martin, that really doesn't matter.
You move around there and you get fun.
Do you want to go through the money?
We open up the top of the back, and with a single client, we go into it.
They're where they want to go to the end.
They are going to go down to the street -- which is disabled.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best thing.
Now I'm from one of my favorite paradigms, "The Project Project in the Medicare.
I look at the series of it.
If the museum shows us the image, we make it out there.
look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the information information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it out there, but I'm going to do it right now right now.
And this is one of the images that we have happened in what we call the graph technology.
So this image, for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million extractions.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million elements?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million extensions.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see things that are going on.
I love this guy -- his expression has no price of it.
But if you really want to ask it.
So I started playing -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
And I found out that children were actually playing something.
I had a little bit, I talked to some people from the Medical Men, and I actually found that this is a complete game -- which is a complete game that you would have to go up with a story with a short short school.
And it was very popular to it.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get it even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to give you the image, so you will see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come for a second.
So now we're going to go back to the Mill in New York.
Here's another of my favorite faces, "The night started.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paper?
And if you want to see how you are going to see this work work?
And it comes up and really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the graphics.
This is the night "The night started, I think I had never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really great. It's called "The Communistants.
All of you, all of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a management, that gives you the same.
You can actually create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple -- we find -- I've created this function that I call "The power of "The Country, and we just got a color around.
This is the "business?
You can add things up to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you get these things that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So I believe that for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google up.
No, in my view, they even come from the methods.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those art.
And that has been my husband experience with this.
I mean, I hope I hope that in this digital half to make his art of art and that is really right right now.
And the great question that I do today is that you did this to reduce the experience of going to a monkey?
And the answer is not.
It's to change the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a stranger, a strange stream.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from original original -- all the children in Iraq growing up with this picture in the wall of their distance, but the reason I'm showing you this is that it's going to have something very interesting in the Facebook cars one in the last two decades.
And a little bit of time, if you wanted to win a Facebook car one, you took a principle and you put it to a good plastic and a good car.
And if the car and the paper was good enough -- you would get the car.
This is what it is that in engineers are called control in real time.
In fact, it's a system that has two companies, a sense and an action.
The interesting thing is that the interesting systems in real time are starting to go in our lives.
Our cities -- in the last few years, have been covered and electronics.
They are becoming computers in the free air.
And as you know, they are starting to respond to a different way, and they can be developed and action.
It will give the cities is a big thing.
As I wanted to do that I wanted to tell you that cities are only two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
It was 75 percent of the energy of energy -- and to 80 percent of the U.S.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
And beyond the cities, all of these drugs and activity are going in in our everyday object.
This is from an extent of Paul Anderson for the year in MIT, during the sea.
It's called "The YouTube.
Well, our objects, the environment, they start talking about.
In a way, it's like almost all of the things that are going to be sent and activists.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of the New Mark Stanford.
And you know, when you know, when I read the Miller -- it tells you that at the end I took the market, and you put it up to the Mars -- actually you can still see a little bottom under it, and he said to be said, "But she said to be started?
Well, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples in the idea of taking the environment and access something else.
So let's start with the definition.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a look at a look at the 2010.
It was the year in which India won the U.S.
And maybe some of you remember it, they were playing Island and France, and at the end end of the head.
And all of all, at the end of the end of the English.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Congress in the middle and the Taliban Robert.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is in the top of the time.
And by the last time, there are people over here and there and then doing called moving moving up.
It starts the part of the particular space start.
Gene from France.
It is the people that are called a car call and it goes to the battery.
A second time.
First of all, a second.
Zellow, and in a moment, the head.
David Indian, yes.
That night they were all going to get it into the center of it.
There you see the great passion.
On the next day, they all went to the center of the control of the window and the first mission of then.
And then all the world.
You see the picture of the place called Christmas Mars where the time -- people are going to control -- it's a great finger, you can see the passion at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example of definition, it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
Today, we know all about the price of our objects today.
This is a map that shows all the girls that make a Mary, how they get care about.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small streets to reduce the base in their shop for the system.
So we started with a few of us that helped us in September a little bit more than a year ago, to avoid what they were doing -- different kind of things, as you can see, things that are all going to be able to look at it.
And then we put a little child, a signal, and then we started to get it back to it.
These are the things that are the results.
From September.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of insects in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that doesn't exist.
They are going to happen and there are a lot of completely interviewed things.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we see all the days that we are able to do not spend, which is still somewhere in the planet.
So if the plastic bank that we put one day still is still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can test some change of consumption.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT, Mars Bush, I could tell you a lot more about democracy and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we get to the beginning.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Randon.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spinal and South Europe has a beautiful transition of the water of the water in public spaces in the architecture in the architecture in the architecture.
And the question was, how do we technology, the new technology -- self-assembly to that?
And one of the ideas. And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT in a short, it was, imagine that they have a little bit and values, surgery violence, lines that are open and water.
It was created as a water, with water.
If you go out of the extensions you can write in them, you're going to show patterns -- you can show pictures of them.
And when you get up, the color will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We put this to the British colleague.
I like a lot of it.
And I took a computer to design the building to the entire office.
We call it Park Department.
All the building is made of water.
There are no patterns or self-survivor, but when you get care of you in order for you to happen.
The heart is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to look at the support -- it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the public architecture -- like this case.
Those days there will always be someone -- in the individual, when you go down the head, someone who was there and said, "Do the building that they did the building that they were going to be there, and he said, "Do the building that the building.
No, it's not that they have defined it, but when you go down almost all the architecture despite.
Here is in work.
You look at the people who are going on in what happens inside it.
And here I am myself trying to be not going to be able to try to try to try to try the water.
I think I should tell you what one night when you all have to work on it.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Facebook came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to be able to go on, but a building that I keep doing is collaborative and water, and you had to go out to be able to get it out.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as an architecture.
But then the reality is always improving.
And this is the beauty of doing things to interact to interact that people use it.
So this is a picture of the building with the physics of the physics -- the water, the water, and of some of them about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those things could start to fly up.
Imagine that they could have small heads in the air.
This is the video.
Imagine a head, like what we saw before, which is moving with others in sure.
We could form this color.
It's kind of a special screen like this with a normal control in two dimensions in two dimensions as well.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions that what it changes is the light, not the position of the extension.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going to be able to go into different scale.
And then all of that could be a series of extension in three to the one that you can go up, and you're going to go out and see from very different bloods.
This is the real control control, going down to form a Vice, like before.
When you find the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
We can have every end with an environment that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bang -- one of the best banks in today, the stars of the New York City.
So here we can see Robert Robert.
On the left you see the extensions, the car in different relationships.
It's so much 3D distribution in real time as a movement of movement.
You can remember all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the extensions we can play with them, with the color and the movement.
We want to use this as a possibility for the Facebook.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
This is something for the Southern Ladens of London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in
It's called the New Congo.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could send people to do something and change our environment -- as a crisis of careers, like the brain card, but with a color.
Imagine that we could make them a little bit for a stranger.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We have discovered everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the field of Monterey -- we can go from the digital world, from the digital power of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be able to use it to design and make a situation.
That would mean something built in a city.
But morning it can be to increase the challenges of today, think about climate change or the CEO of CO2 -- how do you go from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people get involved in doing this together.
The carbon is a color, again, made of extensions in the same way that the real role is a care of particles in it.
And those particles are water, while in our brain are extraordinary.
It's a physical structure in London, but it comes out of extensions.
You can move in the inside -- you have different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- I would be going to share to share the main moments of the United States of 2010, and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can see, like a new side of London, as a new side of London, as a new way.
You can get there.
As if it was a new difference in the night, but the most important thing is that it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the bottom.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are.
They assume that I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more price and more fast and more quickly.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, to be more strong, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more antibiotics and safe of themselves.
What do you live with good health?
Or maybe being those people who always want to be more creativity.
What are you going to like it?
What would you like, if you could choose something.
(Markette, Congress Construction Construction.
How many people would choose creativity?
They read your hand. Let me see.
A few people probably had a number of people creative people.
That's very good.
How many of them will choose the memory?
A few more.
And the this?
A little less.
What about the legal life?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor for me.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or do you maybe be possible.
The evolution has been a perfect subject here in the TED Consumer, but today I want to give you the looking at a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century of the 20th century -- TED who would be used in the Ocean Control Robert, I wrote a transportation called "Doctors, and it makes sense to the light of the English."
But if you affect the biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past.
Is it mean to the other or us?
This is another looking at the tree of life.
The human part of this side, well in an end -- it's of course, which is more interested to us.
We went out of a common connection with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
In the environment there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humanity.
Some of them have gone and go back.
We've been here about 150 years.
It might seem to seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but in fact, in its most basic mass of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can put up and control the magic of a common bacteria to produce the program of human intelligence that is used to treat the diameter?
This is not like the human industry -- but it's the same program, which is the same program, which comes out of the pieces.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all get in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when you go up with the Google path -- you think about the balloon, think about bad."
The answer is a very wonderful environment for those bacteria for them.
It is clear, dark -- it's very accepted.
And we're going to protect all of the numbers that you can want to want to want without your part of your part.
It really is like a quick thing for the bacteria with the back of the standard interview of some of the support streams to the room.
But of course, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They're going to be able to give us an essential news, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what about the future of the future, what about the future, what about the future.
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance like this?
Or do you want to become a different thing, something maybe better antibiotic to the environment?
And in this signal signal in the universe, the life in the Earth is like a business company, the animal revolution, as a single and only company, and human life, a small notion of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the front part of this talk so I hope you have enough.
When I get to the University of the universe I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the speed and the beauty of biology.
And I got rid of the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the life of life, in the common organisms -- every cell is just distributed and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought to the two children in the chair.
But when you look at mental organisms things start to change.
It comes into the sex representation.
And something very important -- with the ability of the sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the influence of the death of the body in evolution in evolution in the same time of sexual representation.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought that when I was a universal student I thought, well, exception, sent for sex -- it seemed pretty reason at that time, but with every year I was going on, every time I had more angry.
I got to understand the feeling of George Berkeley, who still had in the Virgin Vietnames in their 50 years.
And one night somebody goes up to his door door to her home.
He open the door up.
And he found it to him in front of a little bit of blood line.
I looked at it and he says, "You see a search seat?
It's good -- he says, "Good, I have the support?
I realized as a doctor -- that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to pay the body.
I wanted you to get a healthy solution.
I wanted to get the health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy way.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the next generation -- analyzed and save generation after the generation of the people.
From a point of view, you and I are as a service colors to send the genetic code to the next level of the next level, and then let me go to the sea of the mountain.
I believe that we all understand the sense that I was exploring Wall Wall when he said, "I don't want to get the infrastructure through my work.
I want to do it not dead."
The evolution doesn't necessarily get to the line.
It doesn't necessarily make the largest or the most fast or the highest and not even the most smart thing.
The favorite evolution to the best artists in their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean, the terrible bacteria that can survive the quality of the families that would produce -- if there were fish there -- if there were fish in the voice, yet you've been able to do that an active environment.
So what does it mean when we look at what is happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and in particular if we look at the forest to the face -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolved it.
We've been able to get a kind of balloon.
And the right reason it would be that in the first place, first of all, we've been able to pay a lot of genes in the other way to have been depressed and electronics of the population.
And second of all, as a species -- we have connected our environment.
And by the way, we're going to move up, and we get care of so much that it is no longer possible to have a need to have a need to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of the traditional type of the transportation of nature.
And the art here would be, that the engineers of the evolution would be supported -- but they're interesting.
And at the point of the antibiotics, when we have a species of different planets are going to be going out and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a positive possibility -- interview and all artists.
The new network -- the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- it's not just natural and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we have.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions of their destination.
In some culture, they are choose to have more values than women.
It's not something really good for society but it's what you get to the individual and family.
You think that if you were possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your destiny, but in your own body to do the genetic risks to cure or create disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to avoid the diamonds or the Arab or reduce the risk of cancer.
Do you want to do those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more possible.
And the human George Project started in 1990, and I went on 16 years.
I took 200 million dollars.
At the next year of having ended up in 2008, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion people in the human genome to a short cost to the 20 and a week.
It won't make a lot to do a lot of the human genome for 1,000 and will be more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human intelligence in bacteria can make us feel that not only are going to protect us from them, but they are going to be able to be able to engage against other viruses against them.
Companies or there is not an experiment that is an experience in course with the value against the speed of a collective planet.
Can you imagine something good in the side?
That's really today, and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine just two little change.
Can you change the cells of your bodies but if you could change the cells of your design?
And if you could change the surface and the values, or you can change the sea record -- and give your children a better opportunity of a better life of a larger life, to avoid the distance, will be able to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who doesn't want children more singles?
And then, that same antibiotic technology, that same analytical technology that can produce the changes to provide disease is going to be able to also add antibiotics -- a better memory as well.
Why don't you have the engineering of a George King especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Mary World."
Why did you not have a more quick control market that allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be a straight thing.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we could add the attention that we wanted to have turned the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that I could usually take 100 thousand years, and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe in the next 100 years.
These are evidence that their lives, or the grounds of their grandchildren, are going to have to have a lot of them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society of a better society.
Or are we going to choose different applications that we want for some of us but not for each other.
Are we going to build a society that is more analyzed and more universal and more radio and more risk?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to find out.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and having the wisdom to take these decisions simply despite?
For good or bad -- and before what I could think, these choices are going to stop us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you are at 600 feet a day.
Imagine a little bit of hungry flower.
Imagine a movement doing it -- I mean, climber.
And I walked out -- I thought, clear, class. It sounds as well.
Well, I had a single point that day -- I was sitting in the 16 percent.
It was the only one that I could talk to you with the street states.
So I looked at them, and they said, "You don't have a problem. You probably get some openness?
The paper had already lived the plane and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
And the blood areas the plane with the Honor Robert.
It's usually not the rate.
And I love the motivations.
Imagine will be in a wing and without robots.
And then he said three words ...
The three words that have heard that I've heard of.
He said, "I would be providing for the impact."
I didn't have to talk to you more about the top of it.
I could see it in their eyes.
It was terrible.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that it all changes in an important.
We have this list of things to do before you do -- these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all people who wanted to come and I didn't do it, all the rules that I wanted to break up, all the experience that I've wanted to have and I never had to do.
And while I thought about that, I was going to come up with a fragment, which is "Rain viewer view.
Because if the view is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to add anything in life.
And that pressure, that purpose has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we went up with the George George Wall, which was not for a lot -- I thought about web, I really feel a great paint.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity.
But in my humanity as well.
And then the time I went up in things that they didn't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to avoid the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a film with my wife with me.
It feels a little bit.
I don't try to be right. It would be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental record is going on, 125 17, 14, 18.
You see the water.
I am saying, please go back.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those distributions.
And as we go back, I had the feeling of the open, web, die not to fear it.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very strange.
I didn't want to go -- I love my life.
And that state went up in a single thought, which is just a thing.
I could see my children growing up.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first record, not a lot of art training --  --                                               And
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
And in that point I understood -- when you connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On the top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a millimeter, not to die that day.
And I got another record, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You are flying to you today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing is going to happen in your air -- and please not be like -- but you can imagine, and how do you change it.
What is that what you would do, that you still want to do because you think they're going to live for me?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that you know?
Thank you.
I clearly have been a biotech in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important groups of the 1990s.
One day he came to his house after he came back and said, "Pay, I feel an ants in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the EDI.
Today it has a total particular participation.
It can only use the eyes.
His work is in me.
I have a design of design and animal -- so obviously the graph is something that we would add and answer in the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to pay
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tom again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he was able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, is not that -- I see Steve Hangaloya, is not that all people are able to communicate through those streets?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not associated for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate that?
Does anybody see the movie "The said, "The screen and the market?
They communicate in that way -- they are going to move up with the ground.
I said, "That's active. How can it be?
So I was asked with the only wish to get a charge and instead of that I had a character that I didn't have the less idea of how I was going to happen.
I started with his sister and with his father there in that moment in the moment in the moment in the moment -- "The Titan is going to talk about, and we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to come to make their art again.
Because it is a point that someone who has so much in their interest can't be able to change it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Greek Greek Robert Robert Robert War, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then, with a black person, draw about that and reduce the negative space.
So they're going to be doing an art installations like this.
All of the things that they do, they say, they're part of a circuit of life.
First of all, you start with the sexual arms -- then with the bad words, then with the airplanes to Barack and at the end, people start to do art.
But there was always a little bit of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey on it.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another side we had a couple of things.
One, we put to the door of the security companies and we got a machine so that it could be compared, a machine like Steve Hanga.
Which was great.
And in the way, it's the most fun thing -- I call him Hollywood because when I talk to the guy you get an electric heart of it, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs from all the world -- all the balls of the planet.
My wife -- the kids and I, we move to the grandmother of the back and these horses and the progress and the consequences and the artists took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something totally straight and that when we went back to the cars of the wall.
But for two weeks, we went to the step standard of Virginia, my son was part of my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Leonardo Channel, and you can see the destruction.
They are a couple of galleries that we buy in the Martin Stephen state in Sea Been, some of the complete and things from New Palestinian and Rome Sanda.
We took a PMS camera -- we put it up on a light light and now there is a device that is great -- you build it -- you build the same -- we put the free code -- the software goes down in a free way.
And we created a device that does not have a life in the time.
There is no sure that they say not?
There is no hospital that I can say no."
Any person with us today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was improving.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
And there was all of this biomass and all of this biomass for the great invention for the big international.
And then from more than a year, two weeks of production, two weeks of production, the standard standards of all night, Tom came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We would run it up to it so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital out of the hospital.
And he came back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in the station.
And the funny thing was that we had to go up in the station so we feel like we were reading the graph as well.
At the end of this he gave us an electricity and this was what he said to us, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me and get out of there so that I could respond.
Is it not wonderful?
In a way, that's our war.
That's what makes us move in movement -- developing it.
And we have a long way to get with this.
It's a great device but it is the equivalent of a Medical Pale.
And somebody with this artificial potential means much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and radio.
So since then we've had all kinds of record.
We've won a lot of privates.
They remember -- it's great -- none of us is doing money with this.
All of our own batteries.
The prisoners were the guy -- "Oh, this is fantastic.
Adam took something about us and then, in decision, the Times Times was given us as one of the 50 of the 50 individuals in 2010, and it was really great.
And the best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the car -- is that in the air of this year in the Gulf of Mars in the center of the neurons is going to be a station called "The Soldmothers.
And "American in the Cartinians, it's going to have the best experiments of the art collection -- San Facebook, Charles all are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the school which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to do something that is not possible.
No thing that there is in this room was possible -- the computer -- the computer, the microbial -- the managers -- nothing was possible in a certain time.
I make it possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not a program -- I never did anything with Chinese recognition, I just met something and I have a wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do all the days when we found something that we have to do with something that we feel that we have to do -- if it's not now, when I'm not me, and if I'm not me.
Thank you so much.
I've spent the last few years moving in very hard and at the same time a lot of professionals.
I went to the color -- hard.
I worked in a colony of color -- professional.
I went in the war of war, difficult and pressure.
And I spent 30 days with just this -- fun to the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous to the end.
In fact, in a great part of my career I've been able to get up with the only way to the only goal with the only goal to try and take social questions in ways that are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into a way that you can see interviewed and
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TED over the world of the markets and the pressure wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago in Earth.
I came up with some message in Facebook -- some in Twitter -- I grew up with the rights of the name of the name of my TED 2010.
What I had was the next thing that was the next thing, and my TED Prince, my TED people who have no idea what it is about and he could be able to explore in the face -- especially if I put it into rain to you or their company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medical opportunity to say this.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters?
Thank you.
This is a set of progress, by the way.
So I still knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I had not been able to be able to tell you.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we took the world of the market, of the policy.
And as I said before, I have taken up in extraordinary situation in the last few years, but nothing could be able to present, nothing that was so difficult or as hard as to go to the room with these kinds of things.
You see, I had this idea for a movie here.
Mario Sandon? I want to do a film that comes from the production of products -- the machine and the policy, and that the whole film is financial with products and magic and police.
The film is going to call "The largest movie called "The Last complete.
What happens in "The largest fish, it is that all of it is that all of them around the bottom -- in the first to the end of the way, it has the market images -- all the time -- from the audience that comes out of the turn, the X-ray floor.
Now this man, Sando State, the State Consumerie.
These people are going to be able to get into the film to the paradigm for the end of it.
And so the film explore all this idea -- "March Katrina, is really what?
I am a really really really really really really stranger.
And it was "Paralyzed for all.
But we are not just going to have the passion of the age of five in the turn, but we're going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we are going to make sure that we can get in the family.
Maybe we see a shoe and it becomes the most great step that you have used to be used with.
The most great car that you have built in "The largest fish, the best transportation that you have been being been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been been completely coming on the largest country.
Grand Kong, the idea is that you can just show them as a part of life as a part of life -- you will make the film?
The goal of the full film is the transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this movie here.
That's the whole idea -- the whole thing is the whole idea of the beginning in the end.
And I'm going to love you to help make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I do that, is the best answer for the audience.
RM: However, I don't know how often it is going to be people to that.
JS: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "I got a lot -- but you know how it is going to reach?
MT: One and a half million and a half -- "Great, Rome Katrina, I think it's going to be difficult with them, but no matter is going to be able to go to a couple of big farmers.
JS: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film comes up to us as a lot of ideas like that.
MT: What do you think is going to be the answer to be the answer.
Steve Robert: Most of the answers will be not."
MT: But it will be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JS: And both things.
MT: It means that you're not very quickly.
And so, I need to help you, I need help.
MR: I can help.
MT: All right.
MR: We have to think about what markets do.
MT: Yeah. That's the challenge? When you look at the people you have to treat it.
MR: We have some places where it will go.
MT: I thought that the camera is going to mean that we have a conversation outside of microbes.
And the camera means the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MT: And so it was, one for a one, all of these companies of record described.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie here.
I was surprised up.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very excited about it, I thought that the concept of politics, it was to introduce the product to so many people as possible.
So especially in the world today this interaction of new media and old media and the stage of the secret media, is not the idea to tell that new view of attention that is going to take the message to the magicians?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a giant robot and that risk was this.
Actually, there was not such a strange.
There was no stranger at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for the images of transportation in Google --      this is one of the first images that they do.
And I like your way to go up, Secretary Brazil. No.
So this was the problem -- the transportation of simple signal or self-assembly, especially defense or seen, especially consumer, which will be connected by violence or access of information, especially in the business of business -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politicians are going to be able to name the name of the name, even the Chicago name.
But suddenly when it's about doing something changes something change.
But why is it going to be fear --   like that red use that still still goes on.
It's improving --                                                                 -- like this
And it is also very wrong.
What other thing is all about argument?
And I got a whole point of Congress Waller.
That is very wrong.
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want to tell you a story.
We want you to tell you a story, but you want to tell you a story of our story.
And you see, when I was a child and my father took me in some sense -- and there he is he looking at it as he used to do it, he said, "Yes, there's three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- an audience wants to help me -- and I just met John Benjamin and Richard Kenyan from many years, I realized that I would have to go through my own. I would have to take into the disease and go to companies with all my team.
So what I started to take away from suddenly -- what I started to give you -- is that when you start to tell the companies the idea of understanding your face is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big movie movie and others and others who make small movie movie -- individuals, like me.
And my friends who make some big films from the big hands, they say that the reason that their movies have so much success to the strangers that they have.
And then my friends who make independent molecules say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, grandmother films of Hong"on."
And the film is called "The largest movie called "The largest fish.
How are we going to see especially in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie in the movie of it.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my ball, you will see the Bang Bang.
In any time during an interview with someone I can say, "You are well freedom for this investment?
Are you ready -- you see a little bit.
I want to help you make you care about.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there you get one of these family factors.
So much "First Force?
We're going to have so much to have so much to be so much for a woman to be a wonder, salt, back, in ball, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can tell you about your questions and give you a pressure look at it.
San Francisco, we are a little street.
It similar to the kind of small film that you would tell you, we are more good by a rich flower.
And so we don't have the concept that they have other markets.
So doing things like this, you know, you know, I will remember the reason to be the reason that this is why this is.
MT: What words would we use to describe Bangladesh."
white is in white at all.
KB: That's a great question.
Woman: technology.
MT: technology is not the way you want to figure out something that you get in the bottom.
Man: We talked about something like, free.
I think "they was a great word that actually put this car in positive positions and self-substantial and the surveillance?
You keep sure.
So how do you get a little bit more time, with better face, more facilitation, three times faster for them.
And things like those who get rid of the benefits.
MT: And that's a massive company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to you about the street of the street, to people like me, to the people.
They have to talk about my face.
MT: How do you stop your face?
Man: My face?
I don't know.
I like the good radio.
Woman: It will take the 80 percent, pressure at less than it will be drawing.
MT: So what is the Greek Greek?
General, something unique --   Man: I guess the kind of gender, the point that I have was like a distributed man."
I like a lot of the dark colors -- many groups and things like this.
And so it's going to take access to the activity of the sun -- or I like the creatures and simplest.
Woman: If you give it a market could be a collaboration comparison, Martin Berkeley.
Man:
Look at two, in part of it, in part of a standard, in part of Greek Ben, I don't know.
Man: I'm the kind of marketing.
They come together for markets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my factory.
In my little sector, that's my factory.
Man: My husband is February because I put the market.
Man: Man specialist specialists.
Is that this?
Audience: I'm a short market.
Take, I'm Tom.
MT: Well, we don't all be able to be able to take Mars, but I often care about the international show of dark marketing, and the stranger card.
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed somebody who could go in my head, somebody who could help us understand what the professional protection.
And I found a company called South Zappines in Park.
They helped companies like North, February, Harvard to discover that piece of factory.
If you could do it for them, you could make it for me.
Audience: Archimitate photos, right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
Audience: How much a little bit of how you think about your thinking and feel your way to be.
MT: These people model my way to see the world.
Audience:
MT: I think that your world is the world in which you live -- like people who get up, your friends, your family -- the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk about?
MT: The next thing is this was the best day of my life.
A: How do you get this with your thinking, feeling and your way of going to be.
MT: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the wrong things -- I like the wrong things.
E: How many of the why is that?
What is the magician? So what do you get to do right now?
Why is it important to recover it, what does the red respect?
It's a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you ever do?
You don't have to have fear -- what kind of mountain are you?
MT: Aller.
E: Thank you for your piece --        Yeah.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Line Zealand, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but compared, in your own paradigm, the Martin Martin Stanford is a collective market.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a party in them.
And I believe that some companies only will focus on one of their strong dots or in the other time to focus on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they will get the fear -- and you can actually give them up and you get them up and you make something positive for you, and it's hard to see that.
What other managers are you like this?
The first here is the climate, Alex.
And you can also see here to Sando, War, Michael Minister and John.
Now there are a little bit of legal limits and management colleagues, those things that have gone and come up and come up with a public magnificent is a pretty powerful thing.
MT: A local market. What's your face?"
If somebody asked you to describe your idea of market, your personal perspective, what would it be?
Are you a consumer attention? Are you somebody who makes the support flow?
Or are you going to be a destruction of a destruction despite?
A little bit more cardione, recently, controlled?
And they are associated to be like it will be free to be frankly like the Prince, controlled, and an artist or authority like Craig Francisco, fast or grandmother, professional, management, machine, or marketing as Gala.
Or are you more likely to be despite?
Are you aware of a consequence, as a Southern Stanford."
Are you straight, transportation, progressive, protection, is it invented with Archime?"
Are you collectively, satellite, family, salt, safe, saving, sale, solid or knowledge, like Dr. Laden or Hollywood?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and sentences and despairs, who said "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie -- you probably wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allow us to tell the story of the neurons, and we got to tell the story in this film of how we now use the medical revolution to identify the center of the design in the brain so much for the common market as a civilization.
So we went to San Park where they have provided the police to the free air.
In all the city for the last five years there are no volumes, there are no careers, there is no volumes, anything.
And we went to high school differences in the ones that companies are doing it in the schools with life problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success are those in the ones that I've been interested with with different things.
And that's what they did is they did these markets.
They went to the international distributions, they took their attentions, and they said maybe these activities don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try to be directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that is going to do to the people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have them? They were successful?
Well, since the film is going to be in the Francisco Freedom, let's take a look.
As Bangladesh because the film is going to be in energy, and then this is not all -- we've had 300 million dollars in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks.
That's just on the line -- and I don't think about it.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not at all. It's not in Stanford.
It has not even been present in other countries yet.
In the last hand, this film has already started to make a policy.
And it's not bad because it's almost all the things that we talk to you about you are going to get care of your colleagues not to be part of it.
I have always created that if you go up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you get to the people of that you are going to get the fragment.
I think when you get into your jobs in the risk of the risk is going to put all your company to be able to get out of records.
I feel that what it has to happen to get up is that we have to add people to are about argument.
We have to go to the people who don't have fear of the opportunity that you can get them.
In the last hand, I think we have to give you the fear of fear to me.
We have to put that use in a skin.
We add the fear. We add the risk out.
On a control at the time, we have to add the risk of the risk to it.
And in fact, we have to go to the transportation.
Today, more than a little bit of honest is going to get a long way.
And he said this, with hundreds and transparency, all my talk and transportation, all of my good friends of EDI who by 1871, who would buy the rights of the name of the name in Earth.
ED: It will take great data in great opportunities for companies in the world.
EMO presented the Terms.
Thank you very much.
John Congo, then, Mars, in the name of transportation, which happened exactly with those 1970s.
MT: It's an emotional question.
In my blood I have a character to the name of the TED organization of TED -- the Sandy Sandy, a collapse for 1853, to be applied to my station for TED for the next year.
And the idea behind the government information is actually very simple.
We don't want India to get the nuclear book.
His biggest access to develop nuclear weapons is the police of Congress in National.
The groups that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to buy these systems that control speed and virus, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The British box don't use World Southern, are a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective version of Williams in a public environment used by an engineering to tell this basic box -- then we're ready to it.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Web window.
The childhood in the black box -- give the center -- and the nuclear program will come up is designed -- missing computer.
Is it easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely desperate.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of the Wars, the invention used a lot of distributed values.
It seemed to want to do something with these groups -- these control systems.
That was called the attention and we started an experiment in which we interact our environment, and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
South Stanford was used as a lab of lab that I didn't like our short, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then I was going to experience with different salasting salts, and I thought, and I thought, and I thought, this is a distributed attack.
It's completely distributed.
And the research is looking at the architecture in the British box if you find a specific control, and even if the program that's trying to influence is eventually working on that place.
If not.
So that called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the objection.
It could be, let's say for example, an energy of the United States, or a chemical plant in Australia.
And better than we discovered the professional object.
So we put it up and we discovered the corruption of the airplane, and we found that I was structure in two digital experiments.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had the entire information.
They know all of the points that I get in.
They probably even know how much it comes to the operation.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the Saddam Second is complex and high technology, let me tell you -- this is a very complex thing.
It's very close to everything we have seen before.
So here you see a show of this collection of airplane.
We are talking about about 15 lines of corruption.
It looks pretty much at the old working language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code to this.
What we were looking at was the beginning of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at terrorists and structures of data and we tried to remember them with the real world, with the real world of the real world.
We need things about demonstrations that we can be able to be able to do or describe.
In order to come to the objects, we remember that it is described a visual salamand, and it must be a flying white -- and it's safe in Iraq -- because it's where the majority of information has been represented.
You don't find several thousands of goal in that area in that area.
It basically leads to the nuclear power of nuclear energy in Bush and the Poles of National Robert.
And so I said to my state, "I am a list of all of them in terms and power plants between our computers.
I called them and I became an effort to get their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to make the little digital child with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the center of the center, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this room, you can certainly put it up and even make the experiment explain it.
What we also saw is that the goal of the air was to do it secret and described in an effort to come back to the engineering engineers to be able to be able to solve this very quickly.
We try to describe the big digital child looking very close to data and their structure.
So for example, the number 12 stages in that code -- you can't move it.
I started to research a scientific video about how these cells are built in Valley and found that they are structures in what it is called a screen, and every dream is going to be 180 centers.
That was feeling -- there was a consequence.
And it gets better yet.
These conditions in Iraq are discovering in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the corruption of airplane?
And a almost institutional structure.
So again, that was a good consequence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no marketing, it wasn't like this.
The results have been able to have a lot of a number of hard work.
We were going to end up in the streets and we had to go back to start with it.
Even like that, we discovered that both digital girls were going to be just a single thing, but from different bloods.
And the small girl is taking a screen, and making the robots and replicated, and the big group is communicate with six degrees and making views.
In the way, we're very convinced in which we've figured out what the destiny is.
It's John, and it's just Nation.
We don't have to worry that other objects are completed by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- they really got care of me.
There is the British box -- and it looks like the controls.
What this thing does is that this thing does this is to interact the values of sense for example, from the pressure of the pressure and the sensors of view and professional collection -- which is still wrong during the airplane, with fairly data data.
And you know, you know, or not, these data data are produced by Stanford.
It is like in the Hollywood movies where it was during the robot -- the security camera is forget to be predicted.
Is it great.
The idea here is obviously not just to go to the opposites in the control.
It's really much more dangerous and accident.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human opportunity could not act fast.
For example, in an energy, in an energy planet, when the great street stream is going to be survival, they have to open out spaces in a military.
And obviously this can't do it a human operation.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, then you can spend bad things.
The planet can explain it.
And they don't hear the security system to notice it.
That survives.
But it can be worse for it.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This area is general.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with controllers, with collection control.
It could work also for example, for example, in an energy planet, or in a collective factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a paradigm -- which is going to design this box with a U.K. and we saw in the case of Sadda.
You could also use the whole technology of government to design it.
I'm going to call it the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you're going to end up is with a mass democracy collection.
That's the consequences that we need to face in.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for the areas is not in the Middle East, it's not in the middle of the United States.
It's in the United States.
All the green areas are space with a great number of problems.
We have to find the consequences and better that we start to test now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ruminity, it has been public in many sides that people make sure that the Mars is the main idea behind this.
What's your operation?
Richard Language, Okay, they really want to listen to this?
Yeah. Okay.
My goal is that the Mars is involved, but the goal is not India.
And the goal behind this is the collective survival.
There is a single one, and that's the United States of course, excited about it.
Because in another way, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you for annoyed. Thank you, Robert.
And I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and that you can take a horrible sports, or another one that makes you use of careers and you go back and you're going to walk up.
In Beijing Benning, we call these robots -- exploration.
They're not different from something that you put in the morning, you give you a great force that you can also increase your speed -- and you help you, for example, to make the book.
It's actually the real intelligence of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- it can be able to get it into the universe and with the universe and with other outside people.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started to talk about the American soldiers that, in the average -- it has to take on their support for a 40 pounds of thousands, and it is excited to get even more team.
And obviously this leads to a few important computers -- terrorists in the space, in the top 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the space of space consumption.
We decided to control this challenge and create a substances that you could help make the problem.
Let me tell you about the TED -- or Park Change University University.
So Stephen, I can be able to be able to give up 50 miles per virus for many hours.
His failure design, it allows us to put it up to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a
I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go in, and then I increase my force and my resistance.
Earth Berkeley, we are ready with our industrial society, to produce this application, this new explosion, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
We're going to go back right now to look at the station of careers of colors, about what I feel particularly back.
There are seven million people -- in terms of corrections, in all the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really common cell.
We talk about something that happens with freedom, very young people in the living culture that when you start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years -- you get into a death and the color of the room it turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that comes up in front of it.
His only food, a lot of times -- by a brain teacher, or some other complexity -- is the color of the corrections.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their own application, as I need to recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new layer on movement.
So let me introduce you the English who is using Bang Bond who has been a temperature in the real color, and as a result couldn't go back for 10 years, until now.
Alexander Bengy, thank you.
E: And I love is using our EP: I was using it.
It has a few sense.
It was completely not involved in the molecules that are coming into the computer of the company, here in the space.
So here are a few words that give you energy to the motors in the cars, and in the rooms, and they do it to go to this particular self-assembly and very nature.
AB: I was 24 years in the top of my life when I was a high place in the air.
In a second, I lost all sense and everything movement in the down.
A little bit of time later, a doctor came back to my room in the hospital in the hospital and he said, "As "A "company, I would never go to walk.
That happened 10 years ago.
So I went up to the last piece of hope.
The accident technology since then, I have allowed me to learn how to do it down in strange, and it will even be able to get up and even get into a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
E: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the papers to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future future -- not just samples, not just samples, but all of all of the classrooms of colors -- all the time.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bank, they have sex to say horse, and the game is the order of the day -- where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the Francisco Hangalo or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their first one.
So this is the world of the supermarket blood signals of Congo.
The babies are, together with the chimpanzees, their living living lives.
And that means that we all share a common antibodie, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their article.
But unfortunately, we've done too much heroes in this aspect in our nature of human evolution.
But babies show us the other side.
And while those guys are disappearing by big types of large sorts, and the white society is in the way that we can be power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very important society where the moral violence is still not looking for.
But unfortunately, babies are the least understanding of the big sizes.
They live in the professionals of the control self-state, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a product -- a little bit of the extra extra and beauty -- but also the heart of the size in the same thing, this is a visual conflict that has been spent by decades and cause almost as much death as the first World war.
This is not that it is that it is also going to put it up in the support of the baseball supply.
The collection of quality and democracy will be able to be able to be able to get a study with the babies that are in the world, and hospitals, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and cars you can hear the risk of the trees by getting the trees in the trees.
Who are these primary principles?
We know them like the size "dollars, not the war, because they have sex sex and professional to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the baby is more than the Sander San.
In the babies, like humans -- I love to play around all their life.
It's not just a game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increase creativity and resistance and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interaction -- diversity of behavior -- diversity of context.
And when you look at the red game -- you see the economic risks of the risk, the data and the human.
The game is the dog that tells us.
I don't know how you play you but I want to show you a couple of unique videos on the signal of the silicon.
First of all, it is a little bit of short started salt, and I didn't talk about it.
So here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look what is doing it.
It could be the evolution of the fragmentation, "I have a painting of the balls?
I just believe that in this case to him, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is a common place as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing useful elements to the game -- and also how the game requires trust and form the trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is public -- you can add a lot of ways -- some of those who are more transparent, imagine -- maybe the place where you get out of the amazing.
And I want you to see this -- this is France, a young man who is playing with water water.
I believe that, as it is, sometimes we have a few of us -- and we explore the lives of our inner world and outside of us.
And it is that light colleague that we used to explain to you, and then the international conditions that we form are the real sense of creativity.
These are just small shows of the understanding that babies give us from our past and present them.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a world increasingly difficult and more consequenced and more consequence.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capacity.
In other words, the game is our audience of authority.
To support a world to a world that changes we have to play.
But we're going to take a lot of the game of the game?
The game is not fair.
The game is simple.
For babies and humans for the way, life is not just critical and despair.
When it looks like the least thing to play -- they can be the moments that are the most political thing.
And so you can take this principle, we accept this rule of evolution and we play together as we discover creativity and the love and the amount.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible to be able to develop a little bit of the line of the light called Robert Honey.
And when I'm not changing the poverty -- I set up as a care of career in a body.
And in our city, where the values are going to understand a highly hot person, you have to get to the site of a very soon strength to get in action.
I remember my first antibody.
I was the second fly in the site and so I had a pretty high problem to go.
But there was still a car to go against the other values to get to the car and figure out what our task was.
When I found the car, I was based on a conversation with the principle that without the principle of the worst days of their life.
And we were at the last night, she was standing out in the rain -- under a park, at the way, as his house was in called called.
The other vaccine that I just got to get before I was --     I got a first way to the car and it was asked to go and save the dog of the home.
The period. I was so slowly?
And there was a man or a money of money that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in called a building in called a living to be living just because they give me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The car made me a train.
He said, "Well, I need to have the home.
I need it to go up, and I got the force, and I brought this woman a couple of sharks.
And I got it.
It was not exactly what I knew but I went up to the stages, at the end of the passion, at the end of the poster, I went to the real books that that arm or less they had ended up to go up with the force and go into the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a hero.
I took my journey back to the school where I met my Montana and the perfect dog in the main door in the main door of the prime.
We went out of the house for the house of home where it was to wait -- his wife was going to get much more attention than me.
A few weeks later, the department came up with a letter of the house of the house of the house in the exception that was going to save their house.
The distribution that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had been given even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my vote in Robert Hollywood as in my vote as a blood balloon is a sentence of genetic access and anti--- in a mental scale -- but also from the act of thank you and color to the individual level.
And you know what I've learned about.
It all has their important.
So when I look at this room to people who have come on, or they are going to be able to be able to be able to remind me about this, they don't wait to me.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in life.
If you have something to do, you get it now.
They go food in a food, and they take a park of the neighborhood.
They are mind.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone but every day we are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So they go into the game -- they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Big Gulf, Mary, Martin, back.
Michael Beers? Thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I'm a great artist of the color of the control.
The first colors were made in 1873, with a very simple idea -- a very simple idea of a language that you get between each other.
Very quickly, these will become the University of building more used in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or persons, a lab at the time.
In fact, these bacteria have become the papers of our time.
It was almost a hundred years later, in 1977, to Leone was happened to it.
He was called authority antibiotics.
And in a few years, the Latin Lawners came to all the home.
You have been able to have made more than 400 billion or 75 dollars per person in the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful people, or your home.
LGBT did it accessible.
I just opened the ball of control, the journey in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
And as well as that, exactly that same year, at the Bertines, the next revolution was about to put it up, the new search of building it.
This was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of strange strands around each other to a world where everything was interesting.
At the same thing that the control ball, the transportation allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex and more complex to the time.
But there is a main difference -- the transportation was just for experts.
And I'm particularly not able to do it, which is that the building banks of our time are represented to the experts, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle East, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of the art and designers and designers and designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop limits.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Liberia are electricity every one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound and senses.
And the best thing about all of them is that they get together in installations.
So you can't put it into a wrong way.
The labs have a code of color colors.
The green is the room, the blue is the correct, the role is the control and the color of card is the air.
So you just have to show a blue with one green and very quickly. You can start to make a lot of them.
A blue with one green will produce light.
We can put a baby in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the boat for a police model, which is here, and now we have an amazing light.
We took this size to create more impact and we have a robot machine.
I'm going to stop this.
And so beyond the simple game -- literature are actually very powerful.
So instead of having to pay and send and send it up and send it up with us to try to be using a very simple amount of simple.
In order to make more fast or more simple, it just would take this baby that makes the police more fast or more.
The idea behind light is that it is a growing conversation.
We want all the interaction in the world to get into the world to use.
Lines, sounds solar pathologists, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given kids to the kids to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of all days that don't learn in schools.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a secret is sent open -- or how a position respond to the speech.
We have also taken lights to design school.
So for example, the designers without the experience of the experience start to play with limits like a materials.
So here you can see, with paper batteries and line, we have George creating.
  A few weeks ago, we took lights to the designers of the design school, which is that they don't have any experience some of them in engineering -- just in car, more and a paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a little bit of controlled access to movement.
But hope here comes my favorite project.
This is a landscape made of paper that has fear of distribution.
And for these don't get rid of these non-size, librarians became another material -- the electricity became another materials.
And we want this material to be at the end of all.
For it, literature has an open control.
You can see the website of the website -- it will find all the design of design and flow them.
We want to get a world of creatives, invented and companies because this world in which we live in, this interesting world, is our world.
And so it was going to be able to come in.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the entire discovery today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company will be able to be able to be able to send up with the environment.
It was the distribution collective.
This is a little video of what we do.
Morney. Look at a moment.
You can tell you a little bit about collaboration.
We can continue better we left the video to a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The technology is supposed to be.
Oh, this is the time that the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I had a couple of years ago to collect the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to say, we asked them to work in the government.
And this was called "The American company, and it would be like a few of them in peace for technology.
We have a few members every year and we put them to work with the moderns.
Instead of taking them into the third world, we put them into the mountain world.
They made great applications, working with the modern economists.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know at the time.
This is a story of the city of Boston.
So here it comes up as if you look for a quote -- but what you really look for is that somebody else is stringing up when you go through the nine because you know that it's not very good by analyzed when it is covered by a half of it.
How did I be able to ask this way so simple?
Last year, we had a team of members of American from American forest.
They were there in fear and at that time I was a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city will never take these tools together.
But one of the members called Liberia Mars noticed something more -- that the citizens are walking with the standards right in front of them.
So I did like any good program -- they developed an application.
This is an affect in which you can add a horrible.
You add to call it when it comes back.
When you do that, you put a name in this case, you put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can be recorded.
I mean, it has a public computer.
This is a modern attention.
Maybe it is the most small thing about the age of the last year.
But something else that no other technology of the government.
And it goes up in a living way.
A responsibility of the city of the city of the Honey city when you can see that I could use it that I could use it -- not for the neuron, but so that the citizens are going to be able to be supporting stages.
It's very important that they work these signals of terrorist, but people are going to get the batteries.
So I asked the cities to control them.
And then I decided to use it to make the cities support the deaths started.
And China just brought up to get people to get together to clean things when it comes back.
So now we know about new cities that are able to use it.
And this has been discovered without Africa.
If you know a little bit of the entire technology to know that this doesn't happen.
It was a couple of software for the generation to take a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that I needed three people for two and a half months ...
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they said to be done by the normal colors would have taken at least two and a half million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the political power of California that the moment has taken 200 million dollars and not work.
And there are projects like this in every government.
And so an apply that was produced in a couple of days -- and it was discovered in a living form is a kind of advantage of advantage to the innovation of the government.
It goes to the government better ways to work, not like the private companies -- as a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technology, but more well like the Internet.
I mean, without responsible, in an open and general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this apply is that it represents the way that the government of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an antibiotic institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with education.
And it's not only Congress for American but that there are hundreds of people around the country that will connect with the chemical applications every day in their own communities.
They have not given up with the government.
They feel a lot of free for that, but they don't get it, you get it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings on the politics -- and all of those other things that are able to get us and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, in fact, in the words of Times Robert: "What we do together because we don't have to do it.
Now, a lot of people have brought the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing it.
The politics doesn't change, the government itself.
And because the government in the last invention of us, they remember that of us, the particular way to think about the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to choose people to be able to be consumed.
Well, after two years I've come to the conversation that the government is about all of them -- a matter of radio.
This is the center of the phone of services and information.
This is the place that I would be able to call them if you were 12 in the U.S.
I used this called this called this called it.
Institute in the base of the economic knowledge.
I didn't find anything. I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Well, you can open up the parents of the house, put music and see if you go back?
And it works. So well by Stanford.
But that wasn't the end of the really radio.
Boston doesn't have a center of called called.
It has a poster, website and mobile -- called Congress Consumers."
We didn't try that application.
It was the work of a very smart people from the University of the New Medicine Institute of Boston.
One day, this happened to get this particular, "I get this party, "I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do for the talk?
The Democratic Department of Congress is different.
I was talking about person.
In Congress Consumerier: everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next approach said, "I get to the place, I found the base of the base behind the house.
Rolling?
I was going to go back and I went home.
Good night, she shoots rain?
pretty simple.
This is great. It is the conference of digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government of the government to the collective value.
But it's also a great example of government as a pattern.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the democracy technology of police.
I talk about a platform for people to get up and help others.
So, a city helped another but here the government had a key role here.
I connected to the two people.
And it could be connected with the global services of being necessary but the voice is a better alternative and more barrier than the global services are.
When a voice helps another, we reduce the communities.
If we call the animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that politics is.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the opposite of the other.
That our goal to the government system is the video.
How many times have you gone to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that government represents our values and safety our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like a international ocean and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
And that's what we call business.
And we say that word with a lot of destination.
But this is what you know that makes us feel that we think of that that we find as something that is going to eat in our against our against -- that other thing, and we are actually losing the power.
People believe that politics is sexual.
If we want this institutions to work to have to make the business be sexual.
Because this is where the real job work.
We have to cut with the government.
That makes the English movement.
Have you seen them.
It's a group of creative citizens that have written a very early development of 32 pages in response to the period of the TED Project -- about the financial resource project.
That is not political activity -- it's a business activity.
And for those of us who have come up with the government, it's time to ask us how world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to find in.
Do you really believe that we have to go where we have to go with the institution that can be able to act in any of all, right?
We can't predict government -- we need it to be more efficient to it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to get out of the government of government in so that I can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and know that it's not so hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is about 18 years and so I am a bigger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grew up with the word and giving that almost for sense.
They're not going to give that bacteria that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
They can express their own operations at any time at the same time and they do.
And so when you face the government problem. You don't care a lot about making your voices look at it.
They're using the hands.
They put their hands to the work to program applications that do better to the government.
And those organisms allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be by making a horrible, taking mass, going to a base of based out that it has a rain inside it.
Since then, we could always have limited those tools and a lot of people do it.
But these organisms are like digital records that we are not only considered -- we're not only consequences of government that we pay together and we get services and we get services in it.
We're more than that, we're cities.
And we're not going to add the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of you all the presentations, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a lot of voices -- or are we also going to be a manipulation of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I've spent most of the time in terms and primarily and in the risk of death.
I've spent most of my life in microbes in programmers and places and places where there's a lot of destruction.
And you will be here in TED looking at and looking at these stars has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that say here are impact around the world.
If something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a fantastic presentation.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teachers can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense, you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- I mean, if it's color, it can make much more.
So I want to talk about the power of the idea.
I actually don't learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family drive by a map, which was my grandmother.
It was distributed, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of people in our home.
It was a little bit of people who had been called them.
His parents were born in the screen in Virgin about 1950.
She was born about the 1800s and his experience with school as the way we see the world.
And she was distributed, but it was also anticipating.
When I was a little and I looked at it, she came up with me and I was going to get a good arm.
I would love so strong that you could just write and then support me.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at me and he said, "Boom, still feel my arms?
And if I said no, I would take it back again and if I said yes, I was going to leave you in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
In accessible, when I was going to spend a time with it, it was not easy to capture their time and his attention.
My first were running all around us.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went up with a morning, I went to the room and there they were running up all of my own one.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she looked at it, but she was very serious of it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up with the room, and she took me out of the hand and he said, "You see Britain. The two are going to continue.
I remember this as if it was adopted.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Boom, I would tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to tell anything.
I said, "Well, Mary Marily."
She said, "I don't know that I didn't do it? I said, "Well.
And then I sat up, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special?
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
And then he said, "I just want to give you three things, Brazil.
I said, "So, Martin: Martin."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "This is my son, and you have to test that the controllers.
As I went to my mother, I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it.
And then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to do is that I'm always going to do the right thing because the right thing is going to do about it.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars.
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is that I would never be able to be an engineering.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I will do it.
I grew up in the field.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six services, I don't know where I took them, and I love my sister and to me, and we went to the forest.
We just got to make the screens in the time.
He took a colleague surgeon, he gave me my sister -- she took me a little bit and I went to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you know, but I'm not going to take collection.
My brother said, "Look at it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I took something, your sister as well. It takes a network?
I said, "No, I didn't feel good -- you can continue to.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What does it do? It takes a colleague?
I got a look at the force and he said, "Oh, not to be still thinking about the conversation with Mars.
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said, "Mone tell them all the guys that are special?
I was going to be desperate.
I have to add something to you.
I'm going to tell you something that probably shouldn't tell you.
I know that this is going to be discovered.
But I have 12 years old, and I can argue that I've never taken a gallery of algorithms.
I don't say that this is a virus, I tell you about the power that you have the idea.
When we create the right type of identity -- we say things that they really don't look at all.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think I think that my grandmother doesn't believe that all of their lives were special as well.
My grandmother had been present during the private.
My students died of relationships with the automatically.
And these were the things that we were going to be the things that we have to be completely.
Now, I'm trying to talk about our personal energy system.
This country is very different than what it was about 40 years ago.
In 1990, there were 300 products.
There are 21 million today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the collective life.
And this mass market, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much destroyed, so much destroying, you have done for these done.
One of the three babies between the 18 and the 30 years is in the code or in the content of the content of the controlled.
In the urban communities from all the country, the Arabic Brothers, Bang, Bang, 50 to 60 percent of all the hundred young people are in the code or in the content of the content community.
Our system is not just available in front of the reason -- it's also about poverty.
In this country we have an extra system that is a lot better if you're rich and clothes, that if you're poor and interview.
It's not collective, but it makes what you consider the results.
And it seems to us that we feel very short.
And the politics of fear and force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're described.
It looks interesting.
We are looking at our work some of a good curiosity.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in the other states -- you will make you in the right of the right if you have a little control.
Right now in Sander, three percent of the black population of the black population has lost the right.
And if we put it to the next 10 years the level of rights will be as close to as it was before it was before it was before they would take the law of the right.
We have this kind of situation.
I mean children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you sit in the age of 14 years to die in prison to die.
We have in this particular country for kids, no possibility to go on.
Now we are in the process of a little bit.
The only country in the world.
I remember people in the risk of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, we have taught us to think that the final question is, people are going to die for the common corrections?
A very simple question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our ideas.
There is another way of looking at it, it's not about saying if people are going to move by the companies of the companies, but if we are able to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is designed by tradition.
In every nine people, it has been invented by one which is interviewed that is exploring and rain from the death of death of death.
It's a street rate -- an international amount of every nine or a half dollars.
This is interesting.
It was not going to allow us to be a painting plane if every nine who would go on, you would have to be started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our carbon.
It's not our stranger.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about reason and this issue of if we get to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students about American history, I'm talking about the school.
I talk to you about the terrible, the time I started at the end of the revolution and it goes up to the second World War, and it goes up to the second World War war.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit.
In many communities people were afraid of being a little bit of being all as well.
I was worried about being board.
The third of the temperature was what their lives.
Now there are more people who go to me and they say, "So Steve, you say, "So Steven, you have to talk about, do you do so doctors that you stop saying that in our history we were going to be able to be the first time with the terrible, after 1957.
I was asked to say, "No say we grew up with that.
And it was the temperature of the time, obviously with the secret and decades of radio substance and separation.
In this country we have a drug that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what he has done.
All of the time we take a few of them.
We often create terrorists and conflict together.
It costs us to talk about reasons -- I think it's because we're not willing to be willing with a process of real and record.
In South Africa, people understand that it couldn't be able to be able to be able to be a company with the truth and the record.
In Robert, even before the government had this company, but in this country we haven't done.
I was in Afghanistan by giving you a little bit of the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers is going to go after my present and said, "You know it's good likely to listen to what you say, you know.
He said, "We don't have a death of death in Australia.
We could never be able to get it here.
The room. The room is in space and one said, "You know, there is no way that with our story, we can be used to move in the human death of human beings.
It would be true that us, international and depressing, we were going to be able to explain people.
Reserve about this.
So how do we feel in a world where a nation like Australia, to fight people, especially if they were in their biggest week?
We couldn't take it out.
It would be article.
And yet, there is this description.
And I think our identity is in professional.
If you actually don't care about these things that are so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are -- but you are not really improving.
We love the innovation.
We have the technology. We love creativity.
We love the interaction.
But finally, those guys are associated by the surface, the destiny, the distribution, the distribution.
In my view, it is need to increase both things.
We are going to talk about the need to have more hope.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the stores, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we have not seen that we have to believe that.
This is what we are, despite being so rational, so compared to the interest.
With creativity with creativity -- development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what we used to look at is not just the bad and distributed, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Valley Hand, the great leader lost, talking about this.
He said, "When we were in European Europe, we were going to have all kinds of things, but we would probably have all kinds of things, but we basically needed to be hope -- organized for the space, a value to be in support and being settings."
Well, that option for the spirit is particularly in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED has to be completed.
There is no relationship to technology with technology and design -- which allows us to be really human if we don't give us the attention to the poverty, to the excitement, to the unit, to the international interface.
Now I want to tell you that these things are going to make a lot more challenge than if we put these things.
Let's go back to them.
And I had the great private, being a very young horse, to know Robert Parks.
These women are going to get just to talk about.
Instead, Mr. Carriague was called me, to say, "Boom, comes from Park Park. We're going to go to talk to you.
Do you want to come and spend them?
I would say, "I know I want to.
So she said to me, "Well, what do you do when you get there?
I said, "Look them?
So I was going to just hear them.
It was a very exciting thing to be really completely completely.
And in a state I was there, listening to these data, and after a couple of hours -- and after a couple of hours, the Paris came to me, and he said, "No, Britain, I love that is that idea of the enormous energy.
So what you're trying to do is do what you're trying to do.
And I started to give me my distribution.
I said, "Well, we're trying to try to make a showing interest.
We try to help the ones that have been considered in front of them.
We try to connect the pressures and the distance in the demand of the personal energy.
We tried to end up with the senses of life, without a civil life for children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the corrections.
We tried to end up with the massive markets.
I gave him all my best short and when I was going to end up and he said, "You know, Michael my mother."
And he said, "I was able to be a very strangership and a very slide.
At that time, the San Carro came up, I put the finger in the face and said, "It's why you have to be very much but very valuable.
I think in fact, the TED community has to be much more valuable to be a lot more value.
We have to find the way that we can find out those challenges -- those problems.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for each other.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is the worst thing that we have completed.
I think that's true for all the world in the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a mental, it's not because it is a mind.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that you don't think about it, it's not that it's a leader.
Even if somebody killed another, it's not that it's a support.
And so I think there is a basic difference in the people who must be responsible by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and, without a lot of parts of the world, the opposite of the world is not the wealth of it.
It's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the energy.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very distributed, very beautiful -- very beautiful, very strange, they don't get us out of our technology, because of our design, not for our intellectual ability or radio.
At the end of a society, it's not just the way that they treat a society, not the way that they treat the rich and powerful and private and private and the way they treat the poor -- the consequences, the professionals.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
And I feel sure I'm surprised -- I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
And I have completely, like everything.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been represent these kids who have been sitting with a lot of distribution.
I'm going to go to the crisis, and I look at my 16 and 14 years old, who have been straight to make them as adults as adults have been addressed.
And I start thinking, how can it be.
How do you get a chance to bring someone in what it isn't it?
And he took it as an adult -- but I see a child.
A very late night I was able to think about it, by God, if the sun can become something that you don't are, you have to have medical power.
Yeah, Brazil, the surgery has a medical power.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very later, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a manifest.
I had a 14 years old, a little box, black black.
I started working on the market, with a room that he said, "Marine for me to be 14 years of 14 years to be treated as a programming block of 75 years, exploring of a control?
And in the mountain I had been able to have been connected in the attention, in the behavior.
And there was a whole line of how in this country in this country there is not transportation, but it is a kind of simple.
And the next morning I would be able to think about that mind would be a dream or really write?
For my horizon, not just there was recorded, but I had sent it back to the correct.
And they spent about two months -- I had already heard it.
And finally I decided --  God, I have to go to the color for this case of this.
I went up to the car and I felt really absolutely angry to me.
I was in the car to the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and things.
I finally got out of the car. I walked to the shop.
I was going to go up with the schools when I found up with a larger black man, was the control of the lab.
When I looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a short? He said, "It's you're your home? I said yes.
And so I went up, and I went up.
And I was going to go up in the heard of it.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that it was visible.
That became deep with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to get to the community with a hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I went on, I looked at me.
And he said, "So Steven, Stephen, you wrote this universal man?
I said, "Yes, I was me? And we started to disappear.
People started to come up. They were all interviewed.
I was the one that I was written by those things.
They came up with the police professionals -- the shorts of the standards.
In fact, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them because we were talking about, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about distribution.
With the risk of the eye I went to see the control that I was going to go and come in.
He looked at the window and he would hear all of that graph.
I'm still walking up here and for there.
Finally, this old black book, I went into the room and I felt behind me, almost in the table of the balls.
So about 10 minutes later, the sun has a process.
And during the destruction of the speed of the speed is shown because the goal had come into the room.
This is the strength on the old black brain.
And he said, "Well, what do you do in the audience, the audience?
And the old black was put out of it, I looked at the start, I looked at me and he said, "I get this room of audience to tell this young man to keep his view in the goal with force.
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral air of the universe is very big -- but it gets up to the emotion.
We can't really be the human humans if we don't care about human rights and disability.
That our survival is playing to the other.
That our technologies of technology, design and creativity has to be able to look at the fraction, companies and energy.
And on the top of all, those of the problems that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the growth with free.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see a sense of the audience of the audience of this community -- to help in your purpose to do something.
Something that is not a character. What can we do?
BF: There are a number of controlled opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a record in which you're going to make an effort to reduce the forces that you spend today in police policy today.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death in the next five years.
And despite this, 40 percent of the cases of humans don't cause in artists.
The percent percent of the violence doesn't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This record is going to protect that they are going to get out of these tools to make the law -- to the second way.
I think there is a very short opportunity.
CA: There have been a huge discovery in the United States, in the last three dollars.
And part of the explanation, it tells you that it has to do with the biggest stage of information.
What would you tell you what you think is that?
BF: In fact, the rate rate with violence has been really stranged.
The great growth in this country is not because of violence with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
This is why I put this distribution into the wrong population.
And we let us convince the record of the support.
We have three legal causes to take people into the particular pathology, and it will make a biologist, by small consequences against the property, rather than making those resources to their vote to them.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the creatures and not less.
It seems to me that our current phenomenon on the wall doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the order that has to change.
CA: Brown you've been excited about today.
You're very inspired you.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Audience: They grew up the airplanes for the death of Bill Laden.
It takes two, Harvard in Sandon.
It takes 4,000 percentages of Australia, Park five, California from the charges.
So Latin September, South Second soldier, 75 deaths.
Look at Einstein, Alexander of TV.
There are a lot of screens -- I wanted to go into the national deal -- Martin Martin.
Remember. Based out, Bangalore.
Crashing Congo.
Oh, my God.
Paul Dames: These are just some of the cells that I got in the last six months -- they could be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media is that the media is to be able to make negative news because our minds will pay attention to them.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of each day our sense will get a lot more data that probably the brain can protect them.
And as nothing matters more than sure, the first couple of all of those data is an old fragmented of the sea biotech called a legal charge.
The love is our depression of the supermarket destination, the depression of profit.
And I remember all of the information looking for something in the environment that I could be able to make you.
And so from a tens of stories we would be able to look at the negatives.
That old region of the project, "If there is blood -- it's very true.
And because all the digital devices will give us negative news to the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not about except that we are professionals.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to be a bad world.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe what happens is what happens is that we will get distances.
Maybe the huge process is done in the last century for a series of forces is going to get up so that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, the climate change, the climate change, the space of water and energy -- without each other.
As human beings are very good to support the problems and the long one, we had with them.
So let's move it up in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than discovering, the average income of the information has gone across the world.
The infrastructure marketing has done 10 times.
And also, the cost of food -- of the electronics and the compassion, has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Palm showed us that we're living the most practice of the human history.
And Charles Kenya is going to be about 25 percent more than 90 percent in the last hundred years.
We're actually living a little bit.
A lot of people get it.
And we continue to put them more and more experiences.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think today in the United States, a lot of people who live under the power of poverty they have electricity -- water, water, terrorists, metals, mobile, molecules, controlled and cars and cars, college.
And the battery batteries of the last century, the passions of the planet -- they would never have shown up with such a long way.
And you get a lot of this is the technology and finally, your emotional growth.
And my good friend Richard Martin showed that any tool that comes in the technology of information in this curve, the law of Moore, and disappeared the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the cell that you have in the blood is a million times a million times faster and a thousand times faster than a supermarket of the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's the law of Mars during the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, it turns out that it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace and in the peace and in the way, in definition and at the way.
It is the result of the companies that are used to build more fast computer.
It doesn't stop any of the great challenges in it.
And even though it's gradually in a law at the left, it goes up to the top of the leg.
The growth rate of technology is in the way more rate.
And in this curve, in the Mill Law, there's a series of extraordinary technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of America called infectious communication called the 3D company, and their ability to develop and their ability to develop and discussion in the entire planet, and the significant biology, the situations, the values and the food, the digital medicine -- the digital medicine and the Arabic.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Japan from Wars, from BM: Free?
It was particular.
And I was looking at the best time that I would have.
And I love this, "Well, "The series of human energy.
Justine is not a easy.
It goes with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the colony, available for all in the mobile level.
So four years ago, here at TED, Rome Katrina and I, we launched a new college called South University called San.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity in humanity as well.
And every year we asked them to get a company or a product or a service or a service or a service -- that I can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can share the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have sound survival.
Today, we can get a sense of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating artists, it doesn't mean to create long life for every side of the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
This is about taking that is a little bit and I will get it up.
You see, spirit is connection and technology is a force that lives resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of National Miller of 1950s.
He is the kind of the left.
I ended up with the street of Saman.
They were able to come with career colors, and the same National collaboration, with the career colors.
But the street of Silicon, I went with the collection colors.
You see, the genome was the most valuable goal of the planet -- it is worth more than the car and the paper.
So this is why the point of the museum to Washington is a childhood.
You see, even though the genome is the 99 percent of the Earth, it doesn't come as a perfect metaphor.
It is ready by the oxygen and the sites.
But then he got the electricity and he made out of the computer something that we use it as if he was destroyed.
We protect this antibiotic towards the future.
We think about energy speed.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a barrier planet for 500 times more energy than we use in a year.
They go to the Earth 16 degrees of energy every six minutes.
This is not about support, but it's about access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the girl, 300 robots in the 1960s, 1960s.
The cost of solar energy was 50 percent last year.
Last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the United States in the United States in the United States.
And if we have an energy of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about the war on the water.
Do you remember when Chris Sandelly asked the space spirit to the Earth, in 1990, after I spent San?
He took a famous picture -- how do they call it?
"All the blue point "bringing."
Because we live in a water planet.
We live in a entire planet in a 70 percent water.
Yes, 99 percent is water, the two percent is ice -- and we put it by the percent of the water of the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's a kind of available technology not 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up -- the nations.
In a conversation with Dr. Katrina this morning, you would like to share with you -- I would like to share with you -- I would be able to do it -- your technology called San Stanfords, maybe you know -- it's the size of a small representation.
It is able to generate a thousand water from the day of any source -- you know, water water, a legal -- for less than two cents the list.
The president of California was just trying to make an important test of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that comes up well, and I have a piece of trust that it will be like to be the right thing in the world in the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
God me, we're going to get to 70 percent oil in the world in the developing world in the developing world.
Think about it, that massive war has better mobile communities in the middle of India than the President Revolution does 25 years ago.
And to tell you with an intelligent cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the president is about 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information of information and communities that no one could have been able to have ever asked me.
And better than that, the things that you and I have spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- it looks in HIV, images of books.
Maybe the best thing you get when you go up when you go up when you go up in the health.
The last month -- I had the plan to do with the Francisco Force something called the Prince Prison California, from 10 million dollars.
We're going to go to the team of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has AIDS, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
To win it has to make better drugs than a controlled medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the market color is about 25 percent and there are 100 percent of the health.
When this device shows a view of DNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- to call the health of health and in the first place.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world.
I call it the billion of them in the increase of it.
The white lines of here are the population.
We had just spent the six billion of the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best product against the democracy is to take the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in the line, connected people.
For 2010, it's going to go from two billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion minds never before the other things that are supporting the global conversation.
What do these people want to.
What are you going to do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic revolution, we will have the largest economic innovation of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get out of a little bit more health in the Taliban, from a better education with the Alexander Katrina and because of the use of the conditions in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more products than never before.
What can you be able to do about 300 million members of humanity.
So what about a couple of countries ever before?
What if you give them to the options, I want you to are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time.
What do these 300 billion million?
And if they are controlled that we can't present?
And something that I learned with the first age is that a small team is that a little bit of a painting with their passion with a Of course, they can do extraordinary things -- things that were only able to do the big conditions and the governments of the government.
I'm going to end up with a story that really excited me.
There's a program that perhaps some of you already know.
It's called France.
I went in the University of Washington in San.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of anti-schools and figure out the way that they put the program.
People will develop the structure and work.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supermarkets.
They have played with this professional professionals between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were supported and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today the head of human patterns is better by making a process that the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to deal with the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this emotional technology.
We have the passion of the adventure of the brain.
We have the capacity of the technology.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It was the control of the particular point of it.
And as the idea can explain in a minute.
The first story.
He was here, as you know, in 1873.
You may believe that you can make you personally, but it wasn't like that.
It actually requires fish.
And I discovered one of them as very common?
It was the music.
It was a lot to the age of 1876.
Now the fish is in the red list of the CEO.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Gallets and other places, so that doesn't have any scale.
But the case is that we still see the Galas.
We still think they are production.
The forces are still saying they're going to be interviewed.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also uses another concept -- the shop of the control.
Because I was there in 1990, studying a language in the Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought that I could get in.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
So this is my first explosion to the sun.
And the language was continuing to parallel, and, as you can see, from a few millions.
There was a couple of about 20 cents -- the black bank car.
And the fish of this transport was very argument and it was going to go for a good time, so it would get more than the middle of the middle in Thank you.
When I went there 24 years later, the amount of fish had taken up to half of them.
They looked at the five cents.
They were going to experience a genetic program.
There was still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
In the age of 17 -- I started in the 1980s, and it started a lot of developing projects.
The developing development is supposed to move to the countries that were already 100 fishing fish, to give them the industrial fish in.
And this baby -- it's pretty strong -- it's called the Martin 4.
I went out in front of it, and we were doing studies in the state of the sea of China in the World of Mars Martin, and especially in the Mary Mark.
What we're going out there was something improving.
We call it -- I now know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we cause were supporting, other animals that are in the bottom of the world.
And the majority of the fish are diagnosed distributions about a few rest of them that are some of the record of corruption.
You know, the bottom of the sea came to the correct and then was actually represented.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then you start the common fish of it.
The bottom is going to be a stream support of a white color, in this case, to be a political.
This is a dead.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
And once we cut a living life.
It was still not asked.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This point of rest is what you get the fish every time you go to an area in which you have never fish them.
But it doesn't have distribution.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of place, to the new level, without remember what was there.
If we play this thing like this.
In the axis and we have good things -- biomass, amount of charges, the truth of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their life as the normal thing as the normal and the strange to it.
And the difference is that they can make the loss of the loss of it.
But they don't feel the price that happened before.
You can add the consequence of change.
And in the end to keep a couple of restaurants in it.
And that, in a large middle -- we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they are.
But one should think that this problem affect people when societies are able to kill animals without knowing what they have done until a few genes later.
Because obviously an animal that is very argument, before exceptions, is a little bit.
You don't lose animations that you don't lose antibiotics.
You lose animal animals.
Even if this is not allowed as a great creativity.
With the time, we focus on the big animals.
They become a little bit, because we fight them.
With the time they have a few fish and we think that is the point of space.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will think it was very different.
And you will do it because the evidence is in an open way is not the way they expect to have the experience.
For example, the guess that some of you know, as you get out such a lot of fish in this area in this area can't be used or because it's not using the scientists of the fish because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in international societies because they don't trust the source of the past.
And there the huge role that can be able to make a professional professional planet.
Because with the massive markets -- we really remember the past.
And we found the past that people can't trust because the part of the part has gone up and it's very low down.
That is for the people that you can see a professional area and you can benefit out of the vision that produces, which allows you to open your point to your mind.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access because they don't have access to the middle of the Middle East, for example.
I think there is the art and the cell maybe you can get the voice.
This is a simple site of the Sandy Sandy.
A long time ago, there were groups in the base of Shakespeare, 500 years ago.
And they will have noticed that mathematics and transports are like "America.
And if you think about "Well, if you think about why people get up with the movie -- you're talking about the story of Prospers, why do you get the images."
Because there is something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
So my record, the only one I will give you, is to Canada, making "Weapher: "Look under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi, I am Kenya Alexander, the German Chinese groups, and I look at Virginia in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are done and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars.
But today the web video makes any of us, or from our actions -- it's going to go into a part of our global culture.
anybody can be done in the Internet in a secret.
They get more than 45 hours of video for a minute.
And of that, just a little piece of percentage is done -- it gets a lot of vision of vision and white military military.
How is that?
And three things -- you know, consequences of terms, communities of production and fairly surprising people.
Well, let's go back.
George Sando, Oh, God me, God me.
God.
Within."
Hello, whale."
KB: The last year, George Sentence published this whole video out of his house in the National War of Harvard.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the power of the speed of the speech.
Beer is not likely to make a living video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of a distance of a distance.
That's what you do if you're called Ben Monterey Men.
There had been many videos of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was John King.
Jim King published this test that would be able to get the video to the policy.
And the consequences of tools like John Kelly present us new and interesting things, and they put them up to a more old audience to them.
Recharched Bangladesh, --     -- you know, you have to start the end of the week, the end of the week, the end of the week --      You know, you see the view.
So Bangladesh Bang is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the present of use.
At the same thing that "I was going to be "dealing, this video seemed to have taken out of the nothing.
So what happened this day, what happened this day, right?
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask for those other words, they are too.
But what happened this day, this particular view?
Well, I took the Tom Tommberg, and many bacteria started writing about it.
Michael Jones September Sander Steven, it was one of the first people in making a book on the video in Twitter in Twitter here.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of creating transports will take a point of view.
So this community of people who share this great interesting thing then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10 free freedoms in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a paradigm for each other days.
By the difference of the community of the 20th century of the 20th century, this community is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"You are "Controlling Carter: it's a religious animal with a music.
That's so that's it.
This year saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that is right, you know there's a version of three hours that have been seen four million times.
At the point, they saw this video.
And there are categories that saw other risks to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity of the Internet community of the Internet.
There were records.
And somebody made a version to the antibiotic.
And then it became an international thing.
And suddenly I had a whole community community that made this happen to be a little bit to something that we can all be able to be able to be able to be able to be a part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate it.
Who could have done something like that?
Who could have had proposed "Freedom "Are "Are "All Border, or Barry Brother, or "Do "No.
What would you have been able to have written that you would have this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video for a minute -- just that really only one and international it can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who shows against the markets in New York City.
California Sanders, and I was going to be moving by the biologist, but they often have the statements that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
KB: Thank you to the amazing effect and your humanity, California Stephenson made five million see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this tells us a big question.
Beer Sando, what does this mean?
Dona.
KB: What does this mean?
And the consequences of the test, the totally international communities -- which is totally interested, they're controlled by a new type of media -- in a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that depends on the political.
As I said before I said before, one of the current colleagues in the world, just Bush, started in Haiti.
They don't be able to express their ideas.
Now all of us are a little bit.
These are not the cards of the old media -- they are the ones of the current media -- but they will tell you the understanding of the future.
Thank you.
This is not an end story.
It's a short thing that's still arrested.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man walking the work of a life.
It's a pattern, a man whose living life had taken up in the unique hope of unit and freedom of their country.
So imagine as the communities come in in San, including the fact that their life had been totally in the wall.
The words -- for so much friends -- now I would get it.
It was represented in the surface.
He died by the story.
He is my grandfather one.
I never met it.
But our lives.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to leave that that has been in Valley, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply, but we suppose it.
And the next part of the sharks is about a battery to the death dependent out to the sea.
My mother, Mars, I was just 18 years ago when his father died -- and he was a concern mother and two small children.
For it, life had been taken up to a sale sale, the support of his family and a new life in Australia, in Australia, in America.
It was a consumer for her that I couldn't do it.
And then after a number of four years that they changed the force, a baby is spread up to the sea distribution of the fishing show.
All of the adults knew the risks of them.
The biggest fear was the size, violence and death.
And as the majority of the adults -- my mother was going to get a sentence with it.
If you tell us, first of all, we would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother and I went out.
My first remember are from that baby, the control control of the engine -- the program is specifically depressing in every hand, and the horrible hand and vaccine.
I don't remember the sizes that came up with several times, but they were involved with the value of men in our lab, or the goal died and I couldn't run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil paper in front of Mars, and at the young man that cars and a young man who came up and died the journey was too much for him, and the first piece that I thought, given by men in the pattern.
No store had the same salamanity.
Then after three months in a record field -- we went up in Mexico.
And the next piece of the sharks is about four women at the long of three genes giving a new life together.
We were going to show us in France, a kind of kind of classroom whose population is full of international international.
And in the difference of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle -- in France, there was no sense of the right.
The boards who come from the rest of the world.
And so the freedom of English.
My mother worked in farmers, then in a line of cars of cars -- working six days, distributed to strange.
Even like that, I found time to study English and get a title in the technology -- the information of information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were all associated, and it would have been an extra tissue in English and mathematics -- no matter what it should be able to do, that it was usually a new network, always was a second hand.
Two people in the school, one to find the holes of the other.
It's a school show to the training, because I had to take six years.
And there were so many robots and doctors about the "burners?
home, right?
Something in me was started.
And I was doing a demand and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them.
My mother and my sister and I love in the same way.
My mother was excited every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suggested professionals, all of the box.
And my task was going to be supporting until their teachers started to get it out.
She opened up a computer, then I studied to be students and he opened another business.
And women come with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition -- sharks and infrastructure, and kids were transported between two world.
They looked for substances and professionals.
And they were created together.
He lived in the side world.
In one, it was the strange American student with what I would tell you about myself.
In the other one, I was running in private lives -- transported by violence -- the stage of drugs and the application.
But so many of them had help through the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year, I was growing up the young year of the year.
And I went from a piece of a piece of the skill to the other, but their books didn't fit up.
And so I read Alexander Anderson: It was now so much Sander -- it was now so much less and a social access to speak in places that I had never heard that I had never heard that I had never ever heard that she had never heard of.
I don't know the progress.
I didn't know how to use the corrections.
I didn't know how to talk about.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
And I wanted to go back to the rainforests and the trust of life in a single surgery -- a grandmother, a mother and two children ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, and I will tell you about the day of each one and standing down, the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we got out of the battery.
The notice?
"I said, "I said, "You don't know what you're not about."
And so I talked about living and education and education.
And the more quickly to talk about, more I was solar to talk about.
And I met people from all of the lives of life, many of them doing what they do, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my library, I realized that I couldn't get in a short car.
There had to be another piece of the support.
And I realized at the same time that it's well going to be a design, a little bit.
Because it can be where it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to accept the problems of your property.
And I gave the steps out of my area to know that, yes, that the world is depressed, but not the way we have.
You may not have been allowed to be all the way that they were all absolutely aware.
There was an energy there -- a strange operation, a radio metal of humanity and worth value.
And so I got my attention.
And I went to a little group of people for who the member can't be done -- it was an amazing challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I did a lot of support that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but a few balls, and we were going to open up.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
And after a single journey of it.
My controllers again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and it was going to tell me.
And before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a little bit where the Congo was the social normal and the local Martin was the person who would matter.
The life had not changed for century.
His father died a little bit after she born.
The mother was used to be.
At the age of 17 it became a collection of a Mary who is the shoes of the show.
With no support of his market, it causes a street to the death and take the cause of it, and so much more come up when they come up.
And it can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the high school in the front of a hospital in Steve when she died -- to one 300 miles in Mexico.
I looked through the size of the short and I saw the other side.
I knew that I had come back to it.
My mother called minutes later.
And then we went to a blood temperature in France and we sat around their attention.
We tell us stories and we make sure we were still with it.
On the night a man came up and told us that I had to close the attention.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the men, "Why his hand is hot and the rest of the body so fast?
Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't supposed?
If there is a nervous in our family -- that run through women.
So what we were and how life was like, now we can see that the men who have come to our lives to be failed.
The challenge would have been able to have done easy.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the box.
Who could you look at that for you?
However, I'm going to give you the price of the easy.
Can I give you a program in their lives -- subsidible in every single hand, the consumer consumer consequence of the engine -- the human risk that doesn't make any day?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it, I would do it.
It was trained and also the mother of this is now here in the fourth or the fire of the box.
My story starts in red about two years ago.
And I was in the destination, under the star sky.
We were convinced about how nothing has changed from the time of the anti--- anti--- Indian Angelescand.
And in those days when we want to travel to a car and we put the sky.
Now we do it with air.
In that then when I went on, the great principle of Indian war, I had a street and with a short short of the ground.
Now we do the same with tapes and machine.
The conversation that we used was that the magic had gone back to the music.
And that's a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I took this idea of losing this idea of losing the ability to figure out the ability to figure out what I didn't have the camera if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to kill me.
And I got a little bit of my grandmother related to his receptor package of battery.
And this piece of 50 years was for my most medical thing.
It became a door for a world full to a world full of images and gas and banks in my image.
And I had the feeling that the mobile controls, and the cars of the light and the cameras are going to understand that we are.
They went out of our inspired in.
And so I went up with this whole world to see this technology to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing it.
It shows books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the island I saw a device of national national to connect the lessons of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
where we are.
It will take the text with the image, the sound and the sound.
The narrative becomes more manufacturing again.
But why do we get that?
I'm just about to play Karah, an intellectual attention for investment.
He says, "I want your fingers about each light.
And so --    says, "This box is painting -- I wrote my name ...
And so I'm going to get a period of the book.
In a number of moments I get a card -- the idea knows where I live in the GPS -- which comes to me.
My child is excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot of magic here.
And I don't mean markets and data, but to that material of information, those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the libraries in a factory always got me away.
So over here, we have to increase the attention to make the lights.
And actually, you get your way in what you get out of the book.
Another idea that I was going to get out of a child was that a whole group is that it was that a whole group in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is turned into a tree that I go up to this medical device in the airplane.
And this open up a map.
And in all of all, there has always been maps but have been magical maps of it.
This is a map that grows up, flower, and you get it up for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another important aspect for me is to create India and at the right time.
These of course here are the walking.
We've all heard of the heroes and the news, but how many people out of India know their individuals -- they would stay?
These poor people have been stuck in the cameras of India for thousands of mine in a old book and a book.
So we're going to bring them back into a conservative story.
In a story that treat current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been straight, painted to their PIP, have not come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can get to our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the books of the book is this attention in which you have to go out to the outside to take the camera to the camera or the iPod, and it will collect images of different natural objects in it.
And I had a lot of controllers, and I had a lot of colleagues, short, sales, shoes and controls.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So in order to get this virtue of the infrastructure you have to go out and in a car, you take a picture to a flower and then you get it.
In the other hand, you have to take a picture of a piece of correct and then get it.
In this way, it creates a digital quality of pictures that then you can put in the Internet.
A kid in London put a picture of a car and says, "Oh, I saw a room?
A child in India says, Today I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network in order to a quality of digital pictures that have been taken on.
And within the variety of connection between the magic -- the Earth and technology there is a lot of possible.
In the next book we were able to have an interaction in which you get up with the interview and the video -- and you can actually get it up to see a group of people who are going to move on the plants of the inside of the house.
In a moment the screen.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and support them to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world in which the forces of nature will be connected with technology and magic and technology is going to get one to another.
Let's take the energy out of the sun.
We're going to go to our children and ourselves in the natural world and that magic and the limit and love and love that we feel in a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of protection projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University University was to go to a direction of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she gets a little piece of quality or and I asked patients and I asked patients and companies, what happened?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of all, or maybe not all of all, but most of the protection projects come up, because we stop listening to.
And this is my balloon William. It's something very simple.
It has a piece of sensitive and applied.
All the morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get up to 32 Kansas.
But it is so simple that every time I tell me, I send my information to Google Hollywood.
And my head of head has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time in which it needs to be collective or some performance of that star, but to see it back.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four feet in Twitter in Twitter ...
So every morning I connected to my wife white and before I was going to go to my car, people start to talk to me, Liberia, today I think you need a legal lab.
That's the best thing that it can happen, because it's pressure of the parts used to help the patients -- because it could be used for support, and also so that the patients let the patients.
On the other hand, it can be used to move people from their chair and together to develop some real activity to have more control of their health.
And from the next week will be available to be.
This little bank connected to an increase or another device.
And people can be able to take their own artist, to get their own article, to send their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
So this is the point where patients have a position where patients are going to get into the control and being able to be able to be able to be able to help the health of health because of the challenges that we face -- like the destination of the medical attention.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to invest patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but as well as the content as well.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video video.
We all have collection control in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where they are the cars in Mars.
It's also where all the words are.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is the highest DNA in order to help this patient.
We ask but no one.
No one knew where to get the DNA in this moment.
What we did was to make companies in the Boston countries.
We created a website, and we asked the public that we can see a DNA, and you can see a DNA -- and when it's open -- and when it's open -- because sometimes they open up in food and others are cold.
And more than 10,000 dollars are already asked in the Boston countries.
The next step was to look for the attention for that.
And we did an attention for the iPod.
We created an apply for Liberia, really increasingly, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and someone collaboration, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use your cell cell to find the most close CO2, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce this, not just like DNA 40,000, which is the name of the product but also like DNA.
And we would want to start to start the global level.
We're building all the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find and work and act as a center for the DNA of DNA around the world.
And every time they are out of vaccines and someone collapsed, it can be a piece or somebody in front of you, can find it.
I also wanted to send companies around the world that could help us fly these DNA.
They could be sense of message or people, for example, to see if the GDP is still in their place.
Please get up in this and not just improve the health, but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share a picture of the photograph.
Or is it "the photograph?
Because of course, these are pictures that you can't take with your camera.
My interest for the photograph was started with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was moved with my passion in the drawing but it was a little bit different because when we use the camera the process was in the plant.
And when you take a picture with a camera with a camera the process of the process when you get the paper.
For me the photograph had more than to be in the right place in the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start to make the paper.
pictures like this, a building in a very short room.
But it has an interview blood.
And despite it, I keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and color to the time with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say really professional I say property.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a particular way.
You might have to have to think about a moment to figure out the transportation.
It has more than to be able to make an idea that with a moment.
But what is the journey that makes them seem right?
Are the decades or the colors?
Do you get the light?
What do you create the information?
Sometimes it's the perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to increase the world and how you can put it into a blue surface.
It's actually not about if it's true, but what we think is true.
And so I think the forces are very simple.
I see it as a resilience of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three perfect objects -- something that we can all related to the traditional world.
But computers in a way you can create something that still looks like.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's go to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really have sense.
And I see the same process when you change pictures of it.
It is really going to change different reality.
And the things that make a picture that makes a picture I think are those in the ones that we don't even think, the things that are going to tell us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures is very important to turn it up, because something else will look wrong.
So I would like to tell you that there are three simple rules that are going to be able to make real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special of it.
But compared, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the computer pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images that are taken with these records, they were taken to the same article and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to do impossible to make the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part of it is made up.
But this picture is totally connected by pictures of different places.
In the person I think it's more easy to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put your ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in the English knew that I had a number of months to put it up, to find the different positions for the pieces of the support.
For example, the fish was caught in a fish travel in a fish.
The costs are a different share.
The dark part was caught in a piece of start.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it would seem more survival.
So in order to get a real result I think it makes a little bit.
It always starts with a ball, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All of the tools are there and the only light is our image.
Thank you.
I will start showing you a slide about technology, very slowly.
Please get it.
This is a diagnostic diagram that I took from a career me.
I'm not interested to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
It's about an analysis that we were doing about the power of RSI microscopes -- you see the power of the local areas of the local network.
The interesting thing about this is that this is a lot of other people that we used to see, is a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of limitation in the speed scale.
In other words, every step of here is a paradigm of market in the scale of the region.
I'm talking about technology with space colors is something else.
Here is something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please find the lights up.
It would need more interested because it would write on paper.
Why do we make technologies of technology in space schools."
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal culture in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time, and this would be any middle of the technology that I would like to thank you, the difference would look at something else.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology -- like the transportation, in a space color would be very slow, we see a real line.
But if it happens something like this, it gives a collection change.
If the technology technology will go as fast as the medical market, we could take a task and will be in Twitter in 30 seconds of it.
But it doesn't go to that radio.
There are no present in the history of the technology of the technology of the technology of a fundamental growth that every few years old areas of magnetic.
The question that I want to ask is -- looking at these emotional colors -- we see that they don't keep sure it.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it is.
It's one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical typical -- I know like this until it would be completely different -- or maybe doing something like that.
That's everything that can happen.
I am a conservation, so I think maybe it will happen something like this.
So now we're going to be in the middle of a transparency.
In this line we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask and ask and ask is, what is that new way that you add the world?
So what new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very expensive if we're interested in it.
I remember that the future is going to happen in the year 200 and people used to talk about what happens in the year now.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is going on.
It's going to have a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it all will be so different that what we're doing today is no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experience to be.
But to do that to have to talk about a little bit of things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think that the only way to understand it is to take distribution and look at things at long place.
The time that I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we were going to take a few million years when the Earth was a big stage with a lot of chemicals who were running around it.
If you look at the way that those chemicals are able to give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are areas to start to understand the origin with the DNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there had been a couple of artists with all kinds of chemical records in their interest in it.
Some of those areas that are able to have a particular combination of chemical computers that were made to be able to find materials from the outside and so forth.
And then they began to give up.
In a certain sense, those were the most profound cells that are the most profound mobile forms of the automobile.
But those rules were not living -- in the current sense, because each one of them would have a lot of them to have a lot of choices on them.
And every time you get up with a distributed distribution of the chemicals that you get in.
And so every narrative was a little bit different.
In fact, the rules that somehow were going to be better at the time to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to grow more chemical and they are getting more.
They usually live more time, they were more responding.
It was a form of life, very simple life, very simple -- but things were going to be interesting when these guys learn the training of the article.
In some way that we don't understand very well these governments learning to make information.
They learned to take information, which was the record of the cell -- in a special computer called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evolution without sense, a write system that allowed them to figure out what they were to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And the amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same station.
In fact, every living will be excited about exactly the same set of oil and the same code.
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this corruption.
So here I have 100 white police that I try to deal with the security of the airplane.
But I -- I took this code -- the code has the read of the communities that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this free of DNA and I took it 10 to the 24 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copy of my personal journey -- I have a lot of for all the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a hand I would have put it into a virus and I would have happened by the room.
What was the next happen?
writing the DNA was an interesting step up.
This made these cells be happy for a billion years.
But then another big step in which things were very different in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to deal and communicate information in the way of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can transform DNA.
So in that way, for example, evolved the resource to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the physics and they put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to professional because the bacteria will communicate it.
This community gave you a place that you would form communities that, in a way, they were together.
And so they survive or fly together, or it is that if a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community they would get more and they were fascinated by evolution of evolution.
And the extra point happened when these communities came so much that in fact, and they decided to write and decided to write all the rules of the community together in a DNA.
The next stage for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities of a lot of different cells of different cells working together as a single architecture.
In fact, we are a mobile community.
We have a lot of cells that are not going to act alone.
The level of the skin is not going to be the heart of the heart, or the markets, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels that the cell -- something that we call an architecture.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to support information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process in the community.
They're the natural structure.
The neurons are the applications that protect the information that those cell communities built up.
In fact, they started to make care of the community by the community being the responsible structures of recording -- understanding and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary attention.
Because at that time as an individuals -- the learning was connected to the distribution of an organization -- and not at the period of an evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, learn to not eat a certain free because I knew bad and it was made up the last time that I bought it.
That could happen for the life of an organization because they had built these information structures of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they eat out of that fraction.
So the fact that the nervous system will build those structures of information with the economic process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual at all.
It could happen in time you need to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the transportation of the computer.
So for example, the most profound version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention of it.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea that you can see in the head.
I'm sitting here to get up with a few degrees and certainly building a similar idea -- you can build a similar idea -- you know, in their head.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound -- in the sound of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organization to work.
In fact, as a humanity we have started to do accessible.
We're now going to go through the minds to the military organisms -- we add our recording method and protection of information.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the conservation, the video, the video, the CEO: English, and they are all the spaces that we now built to make that information.
And that leads us in something much bigger and faster and able to change more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which you produce a certain evolution with the Congress program in your eyes.
And now we have done the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that I told you took a billion years every one.
The next stage -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one, the language -- they took less than a million years.
And the next one, as the electricity seems to be just a few decades old.
The process is supported -- I guess that audience is the right word to notice something that takes their own change.
The more change, faster it does.
And I think that is what we look at in this explanation of curve.
We see that the process goes down.
But I get the life to design computers and I know that the teachers that I work to design to be able to be able to be able to be possible.
But now I design objects of such a complexity that would be impossible to me to design it in a complicated way.
I don't know that it does every transition in that machine machine.
There are thousands of millions of million dollars.
And instead of that, with the Democrats of Mars Mars, we think about a level of artist, we put it in the machine and the machine with that doing something that was not able to be able to get much faster and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes I have a memory that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method I've been using finally, is the same.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that works in the scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can change a program from a special sequence of institutions of institutions.
So we say, "Please have a hundred million sectors of institutions of institutions to the street?
Could you be able to explain these senses of institutions to the street, and you will take all those programs and take those things that are more likely to do what we want to do?
In other words, I decided what I want.
Let's say that I want to add numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to order numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely that a little bit of special sequence -- they eat numbers -- so none of them do it.
But one of all, I could make two numbers in the right order of the right one.
And I said, "Wow, could you take 10 percent of those extraordinary sequence of those strange sequence that make the task?
Let's take those and we choose the rest of it.
And now we reduce the ones that are better by the numbers.
And we're going to get them up with a record process in the sex and the sex.
We take two programs -- which is going to be able to send children, and that children are going to have the products of both problems.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, please take the process?
Charles again.
And I have a little bit.
And I try to try to go back to another generation with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a couple of millions.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complex cases, in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect in the end of it.
In fact, they're much more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how it works.
I've tried to get them to see how it works.
They are dark programs -- extraordinary.
But they get the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that they do it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
One time I was in a 1800s, with Mars Michael, and he had a short shop, and he says, "Look, this is looking at me.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of dollars that work together to offer a secret street? Don't make you feel that?
We know that the engineers of engineers don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to stop the computers to make a good design process.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering of the normal engineers to us.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more fast and so that we can explain these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it goes down.
The thing is going to get faster and so I think it looks so important.
Because all of these technologies are related.
We are store.
And we are in a moment to go back to the common organisms when they become machine.
We are the landscapes and we can't understand what different we're creating about.
We are in the international point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very argument of our part to think we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes from.
But now it comes the limit and I think I will go up here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that I'm me.
And I've looked at the time enough to allow me to get part of my own price in that.
Before I was trying to treat my talk -- let's talk a little bit of short.
Why isn't it?
We are about the end of the end of the World War.
We love the balloon, right?
The ball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to get out of "the records, talking about the statistics and to use it to form a great team of shark.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the back of bacteria.
And we talk about 300 of a ball that was bad at 300.
And that means that the black battery based out, three of 10 times.
That means that it means to play the ball to the game of play without being automatically, and anyone who is trying to bring it to the first basis -- I don't get to time, and the second basis will be saved.
They are three trying to be three dollars.
You know how to call a 300 in the Great Liberians?"
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how to call a ball of 400 400?
By the way, that is somebody who about 10 pounds -- it would be four four.
Let's read -- like the Leone Telescope Wall, the last playing of the Last majority of the Bang of Benjamin in extracting over 400 pounds in a recent terrorism.
Now we're going to bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less interview, after what I'm going to tell you today.
They assume they have applications and they are developed to a surgeon that has also a 400 of us in applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now they assume that you live in a short place and a way that you want to have two artists and your family doctor and your family doctor is going to be a cartoonist of the angle of the analogy that you have in American is 200 percent.
But you know what?
And she is improve this year.
And their artists have been 22.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe to be the average average of a heart charge or professional, from a distribution or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or a grandmother or
100,000 very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the medicine knows the activists of a good surgery.
What we do, yet it's going to send it into the world, and I was even involved, with the way that it will be perfect to me.
You know, you know, you know, you get a strand and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I was going on when I was in the medicine.
And I was a common student student with me.
And once a company in the high school said that British Gala was going to be a secret support to the secret.
And so what you might do.
I was studying in my little design, in the resistance of the general hospital of Alexander General America, not far from here.
And I learned all of it.
And from my kind of antibiotic, I memory the origin and the market work, the distance of every art that comes out of the air -- the digital difference and the non-size distribution.
And I even know the digital difference about how to change the recent collection of the record.
And as you get more and more knowledge.
And I was going to go very well.
And you get out of the medical school that if you do everything if you get it all, then you knew everything, or the most possible thing, you go to the whole thing, because I'm going to get rid of the errors.
And it works for a time, until I met the German Germany.
And I was resistant in a college hospital here, in Earth when they went back to the secret service of the emotions where I work.
In that moment I was going to get care of career.
And when I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up to this patient.
And it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get rid of the residents.
When I saw the German Law, I was store.
And I heard a little bit of a little bit of.
And when the automation, I heard a sound sound in both sides -- what I was interested by a common distribution of conservative.
In these conditions that the heart stopped working and instead of blood the blood into the short, the blood goes to the papers, and this is why there is a distribution of salt, and that's why there is hard to respect.
And it was not hard to discuss.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give you.
And I gave him and medical and medicine to support the pressure in their heart.
And I gave them differences, and so I was able to be able to be able to choose light.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I got the first street, I sent it into his house.
Actually, I got two more.
He sent her to his house without talking to the record of responsibility.
I didn't put the phone -- I did not do what I should have done, that it was called my head and turn it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a responsibility that requires attention attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to take responsibility and I could be able to take care of my patients without even connected to my head.
The second stage that I made was worse to me.
When you send it into your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "Look, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure that I was so afraid that I was asked to the death that I was able to be able to go to the Law Department, "Do you think it's good if you go to your house?
And the hard thought, and then he said to be completely natural, "Yes, I think it will be good.
I remember that as if it was adopt.
And so it was the headline, and the advance together.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad present in the support.
But I got my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk to the station where I was my car to go home, at that time I did something I don't do not do.
It happened by the service of the way that we have to home.
And there it turns out to be a little bit, not that I was able to get out of the German Germany before, but another three words that most of the words that most of the doctors of the power will be taken in.
Other species are also, but there is a particular place and is that we see the patients.
The three words are, right?
"Do you get out of the patient that I sent up to your house?
And I asked the other approach with nature.
"Well, she was going to go back, with the same time.
She was good.
But I went back and the bottom of the death.
At the age of an hour to have come to his house, after I gave him the high thing, I had a color and his family called the 1970s, and he was called the drugs that were brought to emotions with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Hall, which means a self-driving subject.
And I was going to go up and it was blue and I was blue up.
So the person of the effort I put all their resources.
And they gave them a medicine to save the artificial pressure of it.
And they put an artificial responsibility.
I was connected and survived to the molecule.
And I had a sense of feeling because then I was going to be able to study it in an interesting and waiting against all hope that it would be recorded.
And in the two days or three days it was experienced that I would never go out.
I had a brief brain day.
The family came down.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was going on.
And at the time, they let him go to the Golden German, who was moving and grandmother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I went up for it and I experienced for the first time, the first thing that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- and I sat up with just that sense because you can't talk to your colleagues because you can't talk about it.
You get the peace and you never eat that trailer.
It's that version that I leave a teach to you.
And the bad version of what I talk about is what makes us feel very bad by inside it.
It's the one that tells us not that we did a bad thing, but we're bad.
And that felt it.
And it wasn't for my brain, he was a little bit.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I would have the things, and it makes sure that they didn't tell me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my brain? Why did I send her to his house.
And in my worst moments -- why do I get a strange surface?
Why does it choose medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was designed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a single day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun and I was asked if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I read the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not eat more mistakes -- I would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back.
Two years later, it was helped in the development of the energy in a computer hospital at the North Country, and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in the ball.
And I was very strange and I went on.
And he came up here.
He looked at his gallery, he was a little bit.
He would give it pressure and he sent it to his house.
But as he goes down to the door it was going to get out of his balloon.
Two days later, when I came to do my character of warming, my head asked me to talk to me about his office.
And I tried the three words, right?
Do I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the balloon?
So he came back and he didn't have a strategic factory.
I had a completely bad application called spaces.
You can look at it in Google -- it's a distribution, not from the gallery, but it goes out of the back -- and that can cause the close of those days.
He said, "I don't know.
And it was an antibiotic antibiotic and they get to the few days.
And you put the same period of science and restaurants, then I went back and back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same set of privates, not distributed applications.
And it is a great effort, especially working in a hospital -- because it goes to 12 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't get them home and I don't think it's been a description.
One of them I thought I had a very rich cell.
And you have a little bit of radio cards, but it turns out, a colleagues that I was reading to the patient was a certain sense in the right bottom in the right right and called the curve.
The other patient was with a lot of dollars.
They give you a light to recover and I asked my colleagues to get it.
And you take it up and you will notice a certain sense of the right bottom in the right, I called the curve.
And both of them were stranged and they were getting well.
But every case I would get up, I would get it up.
But I would like to tell you that I got the worst fireflies in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a body.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
You know, anti--- and without support.
And here is the problem, if I can't read and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the voices that tell me what it really happened, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this for you to do the same stresses."
If I go to a place like this, I wouldn't have idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you listen to someone talking to somebody talking about fragile, after freedom, after failure?
And of course, in a room to talk about the errors of other doctors of other doctors of other doctors -- but they don't listen to someone talking about their own stress.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a journey in my hospital was the wrong legs that I would have to have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total negative of the errors.
It's the system that there are two positions, the ones that are going to eat training and the ones that are not going to give them out and the ones that have the ones that have the results and the ones that have the results of the ones that have a results.
And it's almost like a international reaction -- as antibiotics that start to support that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of the medicine to the people who are going to get training, we will have a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years of difference and democracy -- I have done a personal study of a bad medical statement of a bad medical statement -- I have been able to learn how possible. From the first article that I wrote for the Stanford State to my program -- "Library California, Brooklyn Allen, and artist artists.
And what I learned is that the mistakes are amazing.
We work in a system where the mistakes will happen every day, in which one of the 10 of them in the hospital are wrong.
And in this country, they die 24 companies by extraordinary medical drugs by electricity.
The United States in the United States was 120 dollars.
In both cases, it comes to blood substances, because we're not doing the problem as we should be.
And this is what things are.
A human system where the knowledge is done every two or three years, and we don't make us.
This is the pressure of the dream in the entire dream of it.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive secrets that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient in the past.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the front -- it comes up with the blood eyes, and with the stream of the angel, and suddenly my story is kind of a short.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like this.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't take their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, the mistakes are increasingly.
So if you take the system as you teach us, and you end up all the teachers that are going to be traditionally, well, you're not going to get anything.
And with the fact that people don't want to talk about their own grades."
In my program -- it's a colleague, and this is a guy saying, "This is my worst book? I'm going to tell you all of all, from the distances to the distance of curiosity surgery, this is my worst book, black, black, white, "What are your frames?
And their students were going to be able to come up, and they would go down the head and they would be able to be able to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't get the same street?
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a huge medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
This is the human doctor is human -- you know the human -- and it doesn't get care of their frames, but it would spread to learn from how happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It is support for those who talk about their fragments.
It would be the strangers of other people not with the interest of analyzed them, but in a love and support way for all of them to benefit in.
And I work in a medical culture that requires human beings to make the system, and when this happens -- they become strangers of time.
My name is Britain Galia.
I am a red doctor here.
I am a human.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel a lot to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what to think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me close with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we find in a week in a week.
And I did a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average average of choices that say to get a average American Americans -- it's about 70 to a day.
It doesn't do a lot -- in a research for a week to a week to a group of companies.
And the researchers represent the different tasks that are available by these explosions and the time that they worked in to make religious decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in the middle of the age, you get 180 jobs per week.
It's natural -- every job even a lot of minimals.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just one 12 percent of you remember an hour or more of your time.
Now you think about their choice.
Do you know how many people are painting to a number of nine minutes, and how many of the one of an hour in an hour of an hour of an hour.
How do you get the way that you make those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the context, choose to the opposite of food.
I want to talk about the problem and a few solutions in the problem.
And as I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I do a question, as I am a chain, you get your hand only if you want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
On the other way, when you do a question, if your answer is possible by the end of a painting.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the options.
Thank you.
It was been study from the University of Stanford, and I was growing up this kind of level of level of a very, very high level at least in that time was very sophisticated at the time.
It's called Derek.
It was almost like going to a piece of fun.
There were like 200 different kinds of show and sea, more than 500 different types of drugs and versions and about 25 percent water, and this was when we take water out of the graph.
I would love to go to that time, but in a state I asked me, why do I never buy anything.
This is the state of the common artist.
They had more than 75 different cells, including the ones that were in the box that they come from military trees.
And once I decided to visit the graph and I asked him, "I was going to do this structure of presented all these options?
He sat up to me the balls full of the training that they would get all the day, usually with their camera.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories. This is the one.
It's going on.
They had 44,000 different class.
We invented a device to describe, right at the front of the time.
We put out there from six sands, or about 24 different salasteeratic, and we looked at two things -- first of all, what is the people who were willing to be willing to stop the methodology?
More people were left when there were 24 percent that when there were only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a training train.
Here we find the opposite effect here.
The ones that were left when there were 24, only 30 percent of it was going to buy me.
And that was when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the cells, people had six times more likely to buy me if they found six than if they were going to be 24.
Well, I would say that we don't buy that we don't buy to get us -- -- -- -- less is good to get the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the opportunity of food will affect us in a good destruction.
We decided not to say, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the end of the day, the end of the day.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Google House, Earth Katrina and World Jack, in which we look at the decisions on the color of a million Americans of a million Americans in between about 600 parts of this country.
We are interested in looking at if the number of strands of strands are available in terms of stores for all of the stages, the 2000 program -- analyzing people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a control.
We had 750 plants that were going to be from two, to 80 different food.
We found that the bigger number was the number of consumers -- there was less particular.
So if we look at the extra one, we see that in the plants that are going to offer two foots, the health rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plants that are going to be about 60 degrees -- the health rate was discovered by the perfect 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative companies.
So for the ones that they decided to participate -- the more people were the number of food, more people were involved to avoid the action or the investment finances.
At the time there were more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the middle of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we would remember to apply the future future future.
In the last decade we have seen three main negative consequences in the most and more possibility of it.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- which is still when this is going to be in against the own interest of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the financial and the health.
They are more likely to get less substances, even though you get better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that variety of things, show, sentence and measure, but we are not able to do the cells to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to buy and
So today I want to give you four simple techniques that we have changed.
The first is, Canada.
You have heard it before, but it has never been a little bit more than today, that less is more.
People always get care when I say, "Cancer.
They are worried about losing space in the air.
But actually what we're seeing every time is that if you decided to cut up, you get out of the extraordinary options -- there will be an increase in the voices -- you will get a better experience.
When you pay up by the 1950s Daniel spent from 18 different kinds of Higgs Stephenson, you saw a 10 percent of the 10 percent.
And when the George Canada came up with the products for gardens that are less likely to come up, they get the users in 99 percent, by two camps, and more couples and less contents.
And you know that the members of today, in the average they are going to be 450 products in the time.
And in a sense of Washington, they have about 100 products.
But the name would have bigger in the world in the current world in the current world in the current world in the current world -- a kind of support show at the way.
And in the world of the financial stores, I think one of the best examples that have taken out about how to make the options is the pattern of David Alaska, the Sandy Program.
All of the Harvard employees are accepted to a series of life.
They really want to be able to be able to get them up -- they will give them 20 percent, not 300 or more.
You know that people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They are all important companies.
And the first thing I do is to ask the explosions, "I make the differences that there are between those opportunities.
And if your jobs can't tell you, they would not be able to do their colleagues."
This later, before I started this self-assembly, I was talking with Galley.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people of this audience a little bit.
Here is a destruction.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it and then I want you to give you a support if you're ready to take the Google about Galia.
(Audience: All right.
They're not more, right?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a transportation.
Who is ready for that girl?
I think I actually got more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first robot, which in the second, but I can be able to tell you that the second time it was more true.
Because the images were going to get more true.
This brings me to the second technology to make the problem of the options of food -- which is to control.
For people to understand the differences between food, they have to understand the consequences of each food, and the consequences have to feel very serious -- very consumer.
Why is the reason why people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use drug sharks or believe that when we use effect?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it turns out to make it more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shakespeare Benjamin and San Prince, on the personal people who were working in India -- these people were in a meeting in which they were going to get up to a 200 percent.
At that meeting -- that we have exactly the way that we used and we made a little airplane.
What we're going to do was we put it to the person that you think about the positive things that will happen in their lives if they were getting more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the artists of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or in what they wanted to put in their careers of streets, for four percent.
The third technology is California.
We can make more careers than companies.
For example, this is a study that we did in a standard stage.
And we saw that in the supermarket sales in the bottom of the northeast, the service of regions can get from 32 different guys to 380 different types of distribution.
But you know?
Because the conversation is going to tell me how to tell me.
So these are two streets of hero.
One is called "Jerustode, and the other, "The Stanford.
If you think that the left of the left is Steven, and the right of the right is John, you get a passion.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think that the left of the left is John and the right in the right is Steve, you get a passion.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is John and the right is Steven. But you know what?
And this is a bit of college is totally interview.
You have to be able to be able to be able to be able to do something like that, not that you do it.
You often see this problem with those huge fingers of financial.
What are they increasingly?
My fourth career, I will tell you the complexity company.
It turns out that we can make much more information than what we think, if we just take it a little bit.
We have to increase the complete complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's look at a good complexity, the company of a car.
So this is a lot of cars that allow you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it up.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions fly in the number of food that I offer every one.
Comparisons, color correction of the car -- I have 32 possibilities.
Morning, I went out of change, four food.
What I'm going to do is to see the order in which the decisions are.
So half of the conditions are going to go from a lot of choices -- it's about a little bit of companies, for a few years, four books.
The other half of the conditions are going to go from a little bit of companies, four boxes, at the age of 1,000 colors, a lot of opportunities.
And what am I going to look like?
So what are you going to be involved with you.
If you get a bit of the base in every decision in every decision -- this is what you do are anonymously, or you are losing them.
We found that the ones that go from a lot of choices at the age of a few of them -- they will provide the baby for the way over and over again.
We lose them.
If you go from a lot of choices to many, you get there.
The same information, the same number of food.
The only thing I did was to get the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy one, you learn to support.
Even though you put it out of the change of changes not to say anything about the present definition of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of all ways that are going to be able to choose us.
We are excited about a product that we're building now that we have more sentences with the process.
In order to go.
So I've talked about four techniques to get the problem of the employees, and they will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it -- compare, we can make more careers with less companies, and they will get the complexity to it.
All these techniques that I've been worried about was designed to help the artists, or better for you, for you, to use them in their problems, or for people who go on.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being connected to it.
And the more conditions we are in our best choices we can be able to make the art.
Thank you very much.
In the years, in the 1990s, in the United States.
And I had to reduce a team of text example with the machine.
And this so that the government could be able to be able to break out of the sex.
If you found a written with the right message that you could be able to be able to break the board to the order of the idea.
In the West we don't think that someone could do this, so much that this would be able to take a little bit of exploration.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a huge color of any big factory of any big factory and a page -- that page would end up having a few percent of them in every page in every page that you follow a pattern that makes them own of one and your improvisation.
That's going on today.
And nobody seems to get a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the world, we can add the airplanes on their airplanes.
There are three main groups.
They are the cities.
Like the Mr. David Daniel from the city of King in America.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the colleagues to make a lot of money, including a lot of money.
There are actually a lot of cases of millions of dollars in line, millimeters, who were making money with their attacks.
This is Valley Steven, from Tali, Steve.
This is Alexander George.
This is Steve Waller.
This is Britain San.
These are Mars Angeles, Taliban Alexander, and so on.
These guys are doing their factors in line, but they do it by the dark media and they do it by the international media to make money of our costs when we buy on the line, or they reduce our key cells to get information from our sharks when we buy in an infected computer.
The American service of the United States, two months ago, I read the surface of this secret, San Japan, and this thing was 14 million dollars when it was controlled.
The Mr. Japan walks support, they know her application.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a control than a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this is a bad thing to do.
In the future, most of them are going to happen.
The second group of artists in matter that we look at today is not killed by the money.
There is another thing that move -- you will move them into the programs, you will move them up, you will get them into the operations, you're going to move the risks.
groups like Americans have gone down in the last 12 months taking a paper on the lines in the line.
Those are the three main architects, the creatures that do it for money, the metals like Americans who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that they get in.
And then we see cases like Democratic Department.
That is a good example of collective attacks against their own cities.
Discover is a collection of collection of the News Country, or actually, it was.
It will be decided by the last one because of a salamanity.
They had the security of the site and put a career.
And last week I asked the last week I asked her, in a record of the government government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to make the death of people in the way to disappoint.
And the answer of him.
So how do people want people to cause of a care of this?
Discover is a controlled car.
They sell collective.
So what do the colleagues look like?
Well, you need if you have a website with homes, service services, September services, like Greek.
And so I would be able to interact a strange controlled authority.
And they will get automatically automatically.
And in the case of Dimension happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prize and those things that have happened, for example, in Europe?
Well, in England the mass of the magnetic school is able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of the building, and they found a lot of paper.
between those plants was this career that was the complete computer.
And within that room, there were no news of a sense of a sense of Alexander that had been able to look at the tools of tools to interact a big scale of the cities of the country.
And they had seen this tool for 2003, and it would be able to look at the employees of exception.
The series of company is right here.
Or it is, the Western governments provide tools to the total governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments also do this to itself.
For example, in Australia, just a couple of weeks ago, I found the Stanford Telescope, a transportation used by the options of the average government to research their own cities.
If you are sustainable in a very good case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond there.
It is interested by the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Stanford State to increase our computer with a transportation to allow them to see all the communication and listen to the lines in line, to get our data.
When we think about things like these things that the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems something wrong -- but I really don't care about because I'm a honest city.
Why do you provide?
I have nothing to do it."
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play production.
Profit is not discovered.
It's not a question of the audience against security against it.
It's about the freedom against control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2009, any right that we get up today, will be forever.
Are we going to be able to focus on any future government in a distribution that we could have within 50 years.
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya, in the South National part of the National National Park.
So these are the vaccines of my dad -- to the bottom and behind the volunteer, the National National Institute of National.
The National National Paul doesn't have close to the most part of the stage, which means that animal animals.
And despite them, like the laws -- they follow them, and this is what they do.
Look at our wing.
This is one of the ones that killed the night, and so soon we get up in the morning and we found it dead and we found it very bad because it was the only thing we have.
My community, the markets, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to put them up, and so we will make them so much.
And so I grew up with a lot of the legs.
They move them out that they protect our community and the water, and they're also mobile with the problem.
So they kill legs.
This is one of the six laws that killed in National.
I think this is so few in the National National Center of National.
A child in my community, at the age of six to nine years, is responsible from the pattern of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use it -- because I thought that the laws would give them fear of it.
But I realized that actually this doesn't do, because even I would go to the laws to see the stage of the far back.
I don't mean me.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to go to the laws to believe that I was close to the stage.
But the laws are very smart --  They saw the first day and they saw the spirit, and they were like, but the second day, they went back and they said, this thing is not moving -- it's always here.  So they went out and killed animals.
And so one night I was walking around the stage with an airplane, and that day the laws didn't come up.
I found that the laws have fear to the light that is moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interest that I will learn and get the lights on it.
And this is a little board of a radio line.
And I love everything.
And as you can see, the solar paper is able to be able to get the boat and the ball of the limited electronic box to the small international box -- I call it a transparency.
And the lower box makes the lights go on.
As you can see, the babies are going to be, because that's where the laws come from.
And this is how you look at it when you come from night.
The lights go down and go back to the laws so that I think I'm walking on the stage, but I'm driving in my field.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with legs.
And the houses of the neighborhood eat the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
And they had taken a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights on it.
I said yes.
And you can see it -- you can see the bottom, these are the lights for legs.
And since then, I've invented them in seven cases in my community and they're getting a lot.
And my idea is also used now for all Kenya, to be able to be able to go up to other designers as you know, recently, and it's also using the grandmother of the farmers.
So thank you to this invention -- I had the force to get a brain in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brother International American Angeles, and I'm very excited about.
My new school now is helping us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
I even took my friends to my community and we send lights in the house that they don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the prisoners of my father, and I used to see them value volunteers, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I'm here today.
I got the opportunity to come at the first time to TED.
My great dream is to come to be an energy of anticipation and pack when I grow up.
I used to hate the laws -- but now as my invention is going to go to the vaccines of my dad and the laws -- we can be with the laws without no conflict here.
And I mean, what in my language means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like your own.
And so I got a little bit. Richard Twitter, Yes.
CA: You're working in other electric ideas.
What is the next in your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric close -- CA: A complete electron?
RB: I know you already invented the electric charges, but I want to do the me.
CA:
We're going to go up in every step that you know, friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was a small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called not everybody?
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we put all the time studying the story of King MR: But we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that North America -- Japan from the Stanford, Japan are the enemy.
Even though I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend all my life in North Europe, until it was all changed in front of it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public experiments.
But I thought that my life in North Europe was normal at all.
My family was not poor and I had never gone out there.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister from my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister at home.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't heard in the two weeks last week.
We are recording together in the future, and our bodies are so distributed, that we're ready to die.
I was very active.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I was walking in front of the training, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory here.
A woman without life was dead in the street, supporting a school child in his arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very worried about each other.
And a huge man open up to North Congolism to the 1990s.
At the end, more than a million Americans died during the hand, and only a few of them would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
They also made more and more often the energy of energy, all of my around the energy -- all of my dollars in the night.
I always asked myself why they had light and not.
This is a special picture of North College in the night compared to the negative countries.
So this is the Arabic Rider, which is standing out of limit between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very close in certain points -- they would allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
But many die.
Sometimes I see body bodies in the robot.
I can't pick up the details of how I went out of the North America, but I can only say that during the years, I was sent to China to live with a little bit of leaders.
But I just thought that I would be able to get out of my family for short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be life as a record report.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also beautiful, because the news records in China were considered infections in China interviewed.
And so I was living with a sense that my identity was recorded, and it would be represented to a terrible destination of back to the North East from the North States.
One day, my worst professional was done -- when I went up by the Chinese police and I was interested in the public attention.
And somebody had been used to be northern, then they took my ability in the Chinese language and made a lot of questions.
It was always.
I thought my heart was going to explore me.
If it doesn't seem nature, it could be specialized and definition.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and told the questions.
At the end of the end of an organization he said to another, this was a fast report. She's not a farmer.
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some of them in China will look at it in the extra shows.
But a lot of them can be arrested by the Chinese and democratic police for you.
These women had a lot of hope.
And even though they would have taken them out, they were extremely limited after an international private.
These Americans were not so lucky for.
Every year, you know, norths are called in China and developed in North North America, where they are transported, showing or exploring in public police.
And even though I went up in speech, a lot of other nations have not had so much hope.
It is transportation that governments have to take their identity and fight it so hard to survive it.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all of their world can be used in an institution.
This is why after 10 years of happening my identity -- I decided to go up with the South County.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to look at the South Center was a lot of a lot of what I was going on.
And the English was very important in North America, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all colors, but in the world, we have come to be very different because of 74 years of fun.
Even you get a little bit of an idea.
am I successful or normal?
Where am I me? Who am I me?
In fact, there was no country that I could call it with my own prison.
And even though I add to life in the South East it was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started studying for the exploration of the University to the universe.
Just when I started to ask my new life, I got a call called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a call.
And the North College in the North invited some money that I came to my family -- and as a short, my family was going to be applied to the force to the force in the bottom.
They had to take care of it.
And so I started to play how to help them happen.
The norths have to travel long dollars in the way to the freedom.
It's almost impossible to be able to cut the fragment between North and North Consumerier in the South America.
And so, I took a fly to China and I loved to the front of the North Conference.
Because my family couldn't talk about, I had to get them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through South Asia.
He took a week, and then we went up with a week, and we went up with several times.
One time, our car was described and arrested by an office of the Chinese police of the China.
And I was able to do it all the way together, and I started to ask them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese I thought my family was going to be artists.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, I was starting to go up and I told him that they were studying people who was allowed.
And I looked at me, but I really believe me.
We did all the way to the front of Latin.
But I had to look at almost all my money to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to the favorite gas in Latin.
But even after I spent the front -- my family was artists and straight to create the freedom of the instantaries.
After pay males and short, my family was limited in a month.
But at time, my family was artists and standing over again in the capital of Latin.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did all of my family -- and we were so close to my family and we were so close to me, but my family was recorded in front of the University of the Congress of South America.
I was able to come into the office of the infrastructure and the police of police and police to try to deal with my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more self-state or multiple.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask ourselves, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a doctor would care to ask you.
With my poor English and with a diagnostic, I would explain the situation -- and without doing, the man was to the public box and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other days and to get them out of prison to them.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help you?
I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the normal people.
I realized that that was a simple moment in my life.
And the distance discovered a new hope for me and for the heart village when we needed it.
And I showed that the business of the designers and the international community of the international community is really the rules of hope that the black village needs to.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I went back in Carolina from the South.
But you can get your freedom is just half the ball.
A lot of Americans are separate from their families and when you go to a new country, they start with a little money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, productivity of the English language.
We can also act as a piece of people inside the North East and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are going to go in contact with families still where we are going to be able to go in and make information and money and money that is helping me change North Control from the North front of it.
I have been very lucky -- I have been a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you by giving you a chance to pay with an international air.
I'm sure you are going to see more and more Americans around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Africa.
So this is Center Congo, and you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, fast fears, flowers fall.
And so the cities of the city was recorded and they thought, we're going to change the name of South America so that you have something else, so you changed them to the United States.
This is the American Angeles --  You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, front of them, food feet, flowers fall.
At the same one of a billion other Americans -- living in a food of food -- the Angeles center of the food of food to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying out of dark diseases in the North Center Consumers.
For example, the rate rate in my voice is five times greater than say, George Hallow, which is like 15 miles away.
I was able to see that this happens.
And I ask myself, how do you feel if you didn't have access to the blood food, and if every time you get out of home you see the effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see characters of companies -- and you see it as cars used to be used to be used to us.
I see hundreds of distances like States.
And I think this has to go on.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I had also been able to take about 45 minutes of attention and back to buy a piece that doesn't have any professionals.
What I did, it was to play a food of food in front of my house.
In a stream of land we call a signal.
It is about 45 feet a me.
The point is, you know, the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said to me, "Well, I can do what I come on in water, because it is my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Line Great Greeks, and we started to plan our food of food, trees -- you know, you know, you know, the new ones -- you know, you know, the number of new consequences.
What we do, we are kind of a kind of group that was made by career from all of the progress, from all the city and completely value, and everything we do is thank you.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
And then somebody came up.
The city came up with me and in responsible to me, and they gave me a quote by saying that I had to get out of my branch, the quote was made by the operation of it.
And I said to me, "Let's go in right?
A political order to pay food in a piece of land that no matter --   And so I was like, "Well, I'm going to see.
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
Lineal Haiti had the story written by Steve American, and I talked to the correct and one of the members of Great Greeks, who put a piece in Chicago, with 300 ways, we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My husband even called to say that they were looking at and they wanted what we were doing.
I mean, why isn't it?
LG: It's the city of the United States with more blood terrorists.
It has seven miles away from blood terrorists.
And that is the equivalent of 20 Peters Park.
That is enough enough to play 750 million plants of task.
Why do you do not look like this?
It would have a plan to give a couple of dollars -- 10 stages.
When a couple of heads will give you 75 dollars of results.
This is my mother, when I tell people about the people, you get your own food.
It will create your own food is how to try your own money.
You see, I have a read for South South.
I grew up there. I grew up to my children there.
I mean to be part of this manufacturing reality that was made to me for each other, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The land is my grandmother -- I culture my art.
And as an artist of graph, which is a grandmother -- and I put them up, I put them up, short.
I use the garden, the Earth, as a piece of metal and the plants and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees are my understanding of that method.
They were surprised to see what the land can do if they let it be his book.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is a radio and how to affect people.
What happened?
I am a question of how my family became a tool of education, of the transportation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the complexity of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how to do the kids.
The atmosphere is the most dangerous and private act that you can do, especially in a black.
Also, they get freedom.
I remember a standard, who came up a mother and his daughter -- they were like 1950, and they were in my branch, and they were in my branch, and they were going to look at a lot of stranger.
I mean, well, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason for a right.
I felt sent to see people who was so close to me, and this only tells me why I do this, people ask me, "What do people ask me, "What don't you get people to get your food?
And what I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that they're going to reach?
That's the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to get your health.
There was another thing that I put a branch in a record for depressing in the center of the Americans.
They were these guys -- who helped me stop the way.
It was family, I was sharing their stories about how this had gone up and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother and he was familiar to see how it changed it, so it was just just for a moment.
This is how God Greeks has come to play maybe 20 landscapes.
We have had -- like about 50 people who come in, work and particularly, all of them in the plant.
If the kids grow up, the kids are going to eat color.
If you grow together, you will get taken.  But if nothing about this is taught if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body, you eat to blind what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're all arrested. I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, who didn't take them to any side.
With the lab, I see a chance in which we can go to these kids who are running from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George Washington Canada.
But if we don't change the combination of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants -- this is something I want to do.
I want to play a whole piece of drugs, where people can share food in the same way.
I want to take you together and turn it into a healthy cars.
Don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not sustainable.
The dark thing about substance, is you have to get it.
So what I talk about is to get people to work to people, to get to the kids in the street, that you know the street, the proud and the home of your own food and your own food -- you will open up market markets in your own food.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sex.
I want all of you to be in terms of the economists, self-state, landscape landscape.
We have to change the range of what's a general.
If you're not a landscape, you're not a light.
What do you take to take your path out of it?
And that is your choice of choice it.
Instead, if you want to get to me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit up in collaboration and you have metaphors to talk about doing some methane -- to talk about doing some method.
If you want to see, they come back to the battery with their own path so that we can play something.
Audience: Thank you.
Thank you.
(Markets --     probably all of us will be able to agree with me in which this is a very nice room.
It's made of automobile, and the audience is a good material to consider, but it's not always not in days like today, in which it gets a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the audience that you survive.
And especially if you go down in your biology and these cars spend -- that's not very hard.
In addition to it, the automobile can make a lot of rules.
It's a quick material and if we build robots, like in the Boston countries -- very close to cities -- we wanted to be a substance role.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit of a positive support.
And the perfect thing, a material that we use now in most of the parts of the countries in the Boston countries and the water can happen through it, so the whole water water would go down to the side and have a road for which it's easy to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The noise is also going to go out in these footballs.
Because it is a lot of horrible, all of the room disappears, so it is a very sophisticated face.
It also has destinations, of course, and the beauty of this room is that you can get up.
What is it going to look like? You see that in this room the surface of the surface are going on.
First of all, you know, then a little bit more and more and more and more and more -- and then you will do that.  But you can give you their boxes, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
There it is.
But of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the day in this materials.
This is a perfect application, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advantage between the pieces.
Because of the international light, to the engine, this area, this blood, this blood, the dog between the rivers, and if you find it, and if you get up, you will get microbes and you get out of the artists.
So if you get out of the room, you will get the shopping -- as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about marketing materials.
If we can make this material move up, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take a lot of access in very small pieces, and we can read those little pieces with the beauty.
And so we have a little bit of a little stage of a little bit of stage on it.
And then you need a machine -- like what you see here, that you use in order to get -- a machine machine.
The innovation can come up, especially the artist, it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is to get out of the air, describe the beauty, the beauty will be able to go through these microbes and the legs will be able to look at the surface.
Today, I use a microbes of microbes because I can't bring the great information machine here to the stage.
The microbes is a similar system.
I put the show -- that I'm going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to get out of the shows.
We put a lot of show up there, and then the government, they actually saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try to try to try it.
So they took us a piece of role, 400 feet of the Australia, where we had to make a piece of trial to try this material up.
So that was what we did there -- you see where we were doing the test in radio, and then, of course, this robot will take a number of years without no day, and that's what we know from the pressure.
We took a lot of shows of this robot and we test them in the lab.
We made the shows -- we put it a lot of color in them, we would take them up with our innovation machine and we would get them back and put them back into it.
We can reduce this many times.
Well, I can tell you, I can say that we've done a material using it, using these fireflies, using the energy energy in fact, using the life of the surface of the room, even they can save the life of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of it.
And now, of course, they have carbon of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot here.
In fact, you have to find first before you can show you how you can take the representation.
But I'm going to do an attempt for you.
Let's see it. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the song in my house.
My father was listening to Boston New York in his little grandmother radio.
He had a great sound in his face that was used in those time, because the news usually describes it.
"The tasks were going to be stranged, I gave my father up.
I didn't know what I mean, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old, when the tasks were left from Afghanistan and they made that children were to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to scale to my older sister that I couldn't be used to be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could be able to be able to get up.
Every day, we took a different radio so that no one could save where we were wearing.
We had to run the books in the market of the market so that we were going to be able to be compared.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a little room.
It was a nice thing in the individual, but extremely happy in the summer of it.
We all knew that we are going to take our lives -- the teachers and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our
In the time when the school was running down for a week, because the shoes were supposed.
We always ask us what they knew about us.
Would they be sure?
Did you know where we live in.
We were anticipated, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was approved and the children a theory.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total increase of a political property of Afghanistan Archimedes, I found that his daughter -- my mother was to school, and so his father represented it.
But my mother was going to become a show.
This is it.
It was going to take two years ago, just to turn our house in school for children and women from our neighborhood.
And my father -- this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education, even their kids -- despite the tasks, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to affect their children.
For the years of the tables, I remember there were times that I was very familiar by our life and I was always starting and not see a future.
I wanted to get to you, but my father said, "Look, my daughter -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can turn your money up, you can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with me, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still want to get them?
I have 24 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been discovered by decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bank, and if my family would not have been so excited with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here to go up in Martin Congolism.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother was straightforward from his home for the value of education to their kids, it was one of the first one.
He didn't just get out of my college turn, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman -- he took it by driving by the streets of Kansas.
My family believe in me.
I dream in a big thing, but my family has even more big dream for me.
This is why I am the global government of 1950, a global field to affect women.
This is why it takes SETI, the first and perhaps the only private school for children in Afghanistan -- a country that is still risk for kids going to school.
The exciting thing is I see the students in my school with the strong wish to take the opportunity.
And I look at their parents and their families that, like the me, they go up for them, despite and even in front of a destructive operation.
As Alabama. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you his face and Alexander is the father of one of my students.
So less than one month ago, he and his daughter would come from Shanghai to his village and literally they were able to be started by a book in the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone -- a voice was asked that if you keep looking at your daughter to school, you go back to it.
"Well, you know, if you want to, he said, "But not to give the future of my daughter for his old and really seriously ideas.
And what I've given you from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is incredibly excited in the West -- is that behind most of those who were trained, there is a father who received the value of his daughter and he saw the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first critical institutions of the future of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan -- we need the support of men.
And under the tasks, the kids who went to school they get in hundreds -- remember, was improvisation.
But today, over three million children go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find the Americans see the fragment of change.
And I read that these changes are not going to do a lot -- after the region of the U.S.
But when I went back to Australia, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are addressing them for them, that the animals, I see a physical future and a complete change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and completely completely completely compared to the kids in the September of it.
Like me, they are going to go on a big one.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the extension, "Hey, responsible to Great.
But you never get a state of the Greek Greek.
They have spent almost two years since the limited revolution is inspired by the mass markets of the mass revolution as much of the technical revolution as the element.
A forces with a lot of other limits -- within and outside of the country to call it to a dark day and to start a revolution against the storyteller of Greek train.
And we do it, it was a great revolution of it.
And women and young men were in the vaccine, except the each of the rain, and they would be able to be able to be freedom of life, distribution and social energy.
They have shown a value for the face of the distribution of Greek distribution.
They have shown a great sense of solution from the Middle East, to the rest, to the state.
And finally, after a period of six months of war war and a lot of about about 50 dead, we get to raise our country and turn into the size.
However, God left a card password, a street line, collective and set of artistic.
For four decades -- which is the form of Greek destroying information, the culture and the moral structure of the green society.
And from the challenges and the challenges of the challenges -- and I want to take out of a lot of other women, and they collect the civil civil society -- excited about an include and right transition to democracy.
They were stranged by about 200 organizations in British during and immediately after the each of Great.
After a age of 35 years, I went back to Lincel and with a unique excitement, I started to organize tasks about the development of capacity and ability to leader.
And with an incredible group of women we went up with the women of women who were a model of women who are living in the Paris, a very different operation, to be very different -- to run out of the social support of the woman and the right of the life of the life in the building of democracy and peace.
I found up with a very difficult environment in the professional period -- an environment that was more and more politically, which is model of the political power of distribution and exploration.
With the time, our research was approached and success and successful and success of it.
The women took a 18 percent of the National Consumerie in the first electrons in the first age of 45 years.
However, a little bit of electricity and the revolution as a everything, and the revolution as a everything, they were despite -- every day we found violence.
And one day we love with the news of the ancient metal progress and short shows.
Another day I went up with the news of the United States of Americans and the architecture of the content.
Another day we love with the news of the electronic attack of the article.
And every day, every day we love with the government of microbes and their lives of the human rights of the human rights of the human rights and the rest of the rest of the law.
Our society. Our society.
The international and the self-assembly and the self-state will become the consequences of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of it.
I'm not here today to introduce you with our story of the success of the success of the success of the substance of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company of the company
I am here today to tell you that us, as a nation -- we choose wrong -- we take the wrong decision here.
We didn't make a well.
Because the choices didn't bring the peace and the security and the security to Lincoln.
The list of the control and the activity between the care and the controllers brought peace and recording national recording."
No, they didn't do.
What happened then, what happened then.
Why do our society still go up and disappeared with police exploration of distance and excited, as many men like women like women?
Maybe what it was not just the women that were not just women, but the fundamental values of compassion and income and investment.
Our society needs the national distance and the growth of understanding more of the more than I needed the electronics, that they just reduce the audience and the fun.
Our nation needs the fundamental challenge of how much they need to need the number of the number of the number and controlled of it.
We need to stop being able to act as an information and call it to the walk.
We need to start to start to act as the communities of compassion and microbes.
So we have to develop a female scary, which not only history, but also put it in a particular place in a place in the sea -- the college instead of company, the investment in the explosion.
So these are the ideas that a Liberia, depressed by the war -- it needs destroyed with the end of getting peace in the end.
Because the peace has an anti--- which is about the interaction and the action between the female and the markets and the machines.
That is the real business.
We need to support that in an existence in an existence before doing it in a social way.
And I agree with a record of the Christmas California, and it's the word of the God, "Marine, companies."
At the time, the word "Rain, which is known in all the artist transportation, and it has the same reason for the word that the word family, subject the force and material -- which would go to all the humanity that men and women, that all of the trains and all the people have been embarrassed.
And so, at the same thing that the number is completely completely the end, that grew up inside the distribution of compassion in the whole whole experience.
And this is what he says, "My mother would put all of the things.
And this is what he says, "My private principle on my war."
That all of them are going to tell you the thank of the microbial.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an international question, which has a straight response to a straight answer.
This is the secret of the democracy of distance violence and the question that I'm going to do is the ones that all of them do always say, why does she get it?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who asked him to put it?
I'm not a particular thing, and I'm not going to work in social violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I'll tell you.
I was 24 years old. I just read in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a write and end up in the September rest.
And I had my first application, my first very first version -- and I had a very big secret here.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, the man -- that I created my window wall, I was asked to the head with a passion, carrier with balloon paradigms.
The man, which I love more than nobody in this world, I put a passion in my head and the love to kill more times than I can remember them.
I'm here to tell you about the story of "graduate love, a physical transport, and you know, the love of love -- where you get every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a substance of the medical violence of the distance.
I am a democracy in English.
I've spent most of my career to work for the company of the Line "Fired "Fire, between them.
It took almost 20 years with my second, and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and considered a million Honor Hambra.
And so my first message for you is that the medical violence can go to anyone -- all right, all right, all the relationships, all the levels of relationship and education.
It's all over the side.
And my second message is that all of you think that visual violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly exactly not.
More than 45 percent of the materials are men, and the drugs only happen in the final relationships -- interesting and long distribution or they said, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we would expect to find violence -- except for which the distance is so surprising.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be the last person in the world that would have been a man who asked him, and I was actually a very typical vision because of my age.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States -- and in the United States -- they have three times more likely to be three times more likely to be able to be visible than the other age, and over 500 women and children of that age are stranged every year by particular, and several and a half thousand dollars in the United States.
And I was also a typical vision because I didn't know anything about medical violence -- their self-state seats or their patterns or their pattern.
I met I met in a front of the street and take it night at night.
I was sitting on my side in the New York City and started to fight with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been able to get rid of a University of the Middle East, and I was working in a very important lab from Washington State.
But what I got care about in that first found was that it was ready and fun and it looks like a girl of the field.
And I had a lot of big mountains as a market, and a little bit of the brain hand, and it seemed so close.
One of the most smart things that I did, from the beginning of the beginning, it was to create the illusion that I was the distribution of the park.
I did it about all of the beginning of the beginning of a perfect.
We began to go out and love all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, that I put in order to help young kids, and my work.
I wanted to know all about my family, my distribution, my dream and self-state.
And I found up in me, as a write and as a woman, as no one had done it.
And it was why the leadership in that school and the work in Washington Star and his future future had so much important for him.
I did not know that the first factory in any relationship of drugs is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And I didn't know that the second step is to take it out.
Now, the last thing that I wanted to do was come from New York and let the work of my dreams and I thought I had to do solidies for your particular, so I said, I left my work and I went together and I went together from Mars.
I had no idea that I was going on in a "like "I was coming up in a love, and I was going to get out of the head in a physical journey -- financial and pressure in front of pressure.
And the next step in the distance of drugs is to increase the speed of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they go into the scale of the stages.
In the way we move to New York you know, that site where I supposed to have to feel so sure that I had to make a little bit of the streets that I would have to be bought by the stage.
One was in the bottom of the car.
And another way under the signal in our field and the third always in their base.
And he said that I needed those passions to the car that lived from small life.
I needed them to feel safe for them.
But those guys actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read the hand -- my life was already in a private series, every minute of every day.
The first physical ability in against five days before our blood.
They were the seven of the morning and I still had the car.
Five days later, when I was about 10 miles of my sky they had been desperate, I put my mother out of my mother and I told him.
despite what had happened, I was sure that we live happy for always because I would love and he had a lot of me.
And I was very, very aware.
And it just had been a lot of sentences in the board, and for the fact that I would make a family with me.
I had been a strange activity and never more would make me.
I spent two times more in our middle line.
The first time I was growing up to a secret screen and I lost him, and he gave me so strong in the head that I received several times against the car of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving out of our full line, he went down by the transportation and he took me a Big Martin from the face.
I continue to go on one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our material.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of every three American women is visible of distance violence or actually in some time of their life, and the center of the control of Democrats that every year for 15 million children are made -- 15 million children are made up.
So, actually, I was very good company.
I go back to my question, why do I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was shooting me.
When I was a very strong woman -- I was a very strong woman -- and it was the only person in the world that could help continue to focus on to the decades.
The other question that all the world does is, why do you just do not make it?
Why don't I know? I could have been at any time.
For me this is the most sad question that makes people, because we are, because we know, we know something that normally you do -- it's incredibly dangerous.
Because the last basis in the passion of the drugs is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the statements in terms of drugs are going to happen after the vision has been able to go to the relationship -- after the short, because then the standard has nothing to lose it.
And some of them including the perfect thing, even after the automobile has gone back to it, demonstrating of financial resources and marketing of financial resources of the family system to support the vision and their children, which are usually actually actually actually actually actually actually pushed to spend a time with the man who put her mother to his mother, and they were going to go to their mother,
And so we still keep asking why it just doesn't go from?
I was able to come back to one of the last one that I was able to come up with my business.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if he had been allowed it.
So I went on the surface.
I told him all the world, to the audience to my neighbors and my friends and families -- and I'm here today because you all help me.
We have the tend to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be specifically, women are strange with strangers disappointed.
The question, "Why is it that?
For some people is a way to say "The career is just a series of saying, as if the victims are going to be able to get care of men who want to get rid of them.
But since I published "Alliance, I have heard a lot of men of men and women who are also able to learn an amazing lesson of what happened to you and that they would get their lives out of life and happy as a company, and morality and mothers, completely books of violence -- like the me.
Because it turns out that I actually am a visit and a surgery of a very typical violence of a very typical violence.
I went to love with a typical man and horrible and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that million.
What you're not going to get to have never ever more, you know, this is a collective passion to ask my head in hands of somebody who says I want to want you.
In this moment, they're just like, "Man, that's fascinating -- or "Hey, what about the strength -- but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
And I'm sure there are a few people -- that they are listening to me right now, that are being killed or that they were a little bit of small or that they are a slide of themselves.
The material could be affect his daughter to his sister -- his best friend right now.
I was able to put me to my local love for a particular love.
And I keep doing it today.
It is my way to help other victims -- and it's my last piece to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
This is just the street in the surface.
They have the power to end up with the medical violence simply represented light on it.
We all need all the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of the distance of distance.
They get the mountain to the light talking about it with their kids, their jobs of work, their friends and family.
They remember their view of the surgery as a fantastic and fast people who have a future future.
They recognize the sense of violence of violence to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go to the views and show them a safe room.
We can turn our camps, our table and our families and our families in the second and practice that should be.
Thank you.
He's called Harry Robert, and since a time, I'm model.
To be pressure, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that in this moment there is a sense in the room.
This is the first shift in a TED scale, so you have a lot of lucky to do it, I think.
If some of the women would have gone up when it comes up, they don't have to tell me now, but I will find it later in Twitter in Twitter now.
I also want to point out that I have the price of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds as well.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These streets are very interviewed, less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to spend this bus by the head, because it's when you're going to go back from me, so you don't do anything while I get your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been excited.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The piece is powerful -- but as well.
I have changed what they thought about me in six seconds, in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a story in real life.
He was totally interviewed and the photograph told me that he would get the spinal space and he was going to take the box of the child.
Of course, I'm going to go up with surgery or an artificial brand like what I did two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which is even though surface and international has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it will be worth meaning to be hero.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a beautiful woman and white in my lab, and that is to be a sex girl for me.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but so on.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say -- I was going to tell you, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made my model is because they get the genetic line, and I'm the benefit of a head, and maybe you're asking what this human is.
Well, in the last century we have not only designed the beauty as a health and sense and similar, which we are biologically produced to open up, we have also been associated to a high and high school and service and a white line.
And that is my sister that I've been able to be able to do to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that now is in the audience and maybe there are some years from the way that they say -- I hope -- I hope -- there you are, Tom, John Sanders, John Western Libertine.
First of all, happiness for us to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I really have to tell you that in 2010, a student of decompanies of the University of New York City. And every one of the models in the school, and from the 1800s in the screen, and the 1800s in the stage, it's just 18 percent -- is to say, less than four percent, they were not white at all.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it's better?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I really would tell you to every one of these kids is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be aware of the United States, or the institution of the next Internet, or a climate culture and a police climate -- which would be important, because you would be the first one.
If you get out of this special list -- you still see, no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I say, "I know my brains.
Because I'm not going to anything.
It will say that most of you want to be model is as to say you want to win the fight when you get a little bit more.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- because in the difference of the climate surgery -- it can be done right now.
I don't know what happened there.
In fact, once you have already had your students, and you have a color and you have a colleague and a lot of work to you -- you will not matter what you say, is that if you say that you want to be present from the United States -- but your culture said, Mario face for 10 years, people would look at it.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are represented.
And yes, you probably get up all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a baby, and I didn't even have my dog yet.
I know we're going into the personal fear -- but it was a child.
And so I put up with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a few days before the pictures for the French Vietnam.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the Virgin Vietnam.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures of it.
They are creativity of a group of products, parallels, massive, photos and statistics, and all of their help and people in front and productive, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get great things.
I have a lot of dollars from 20 feet and I never use it, except the front of the before, but the teachers that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in California, and once I went to a time and I was able to get money, and they gave me the big sense.
When I was a short, I would travel with my friend that was a primary concern, and it was got out of a red search and of course, and of course, they would come up, and it was a little bit of a sense to be able to be able to keep consumed.
And I heard of these price for my aspect -- not because of what I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and the last year, from the age of the 120 people who are going to give them and record, 80 percent were black and balloons, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 180 black young people in New York City.
But how many times would you get it? And when do you get it?
When I was looking at this talk, I would understand that at the age of five percent of the children in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number is taken up to 70 percent to 18 percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is life of a model of a model -- how is life of a model of a model -- how is life of a model of a model -- how is the life of a model of a model.
And I think the answer you expect is, if you are a little bit more sliderand, and you have the most brilliant thing, you feel very happy and sustainable.
And behind the camera -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also incredible power to work with creative people and anti-police people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in the camera -- what I have never said in front of them, is, I am a self-driven.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a little bit more sliders and the most brilliant brain, will be more happy will be more happy.
They just have to focus out with a group of models -- because they have the most death legs -- the most brilliant box and the most pressure to the way, but probably the women are probably the most early women in the planet.
But above all of it was hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a little bit of the great record of the grandmother and the government of the great beautiful.
If there is something that comes out of this talk, I hope that all of you feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perspective that we have from success and the failure.
Thank you.
The picture has been my passion since it was the most good enough to get a camera and today I want to share with you my 15 pictures more pressure, and I was not me who I did it.
There were no artists -- and there was no artists -- no opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a complete common in the college.
And in fact, most of them would put them into the street.
My story starts when I was looking at the city of New York to give a policy, my wife told me this picture to put my daughter in the day of his first card. That's the state of the 1860s and the five percent.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York City.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When you get the third cards of my son, my wife told me, why don't you take you to San New York in a police journey and controlled the risk?
So here is when we started to ask them to ask them to get out of the photograph.
It is amazing that the rest of getting the camera to a company that is so universal to be used to be used to.
No one has come up and it has never been negotiated, and it has never ever ever heard with the camera.
And so we were not aware of how much it would change the life this journey for us.
It became something else for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in the way that a five years was able to understand it.
These pictures are much more than recording of a moment or a specific journey or a species.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of accountability and to be able to remember about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just to the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always get the same picture of it, our daughter is in the complete series, and I can see the life through your eyes and how you feel that and you get it into it.
That time when we spend together is something that we hope is something that we hope with all the year.
And remember, in one of the trips, we were walking up, when it comes back, it was left in the time and it was sent a red robot of the sea state that I would get from small in the before.
And I discovered what I had felt about five years in the same place.
I began to remember his heart to be able to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understand that one of the most important things we believe is the remember of the responsibilities.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I don't know you -- but about these 15 pictures -- I don't know in many of the family pictures of the family.
I am always what the picture.
So today I want to add them all around the picture, and they don't go to someone and ask somebody and ask us a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The babies are found in the more dealing with the most dead.
First of all, why do they have so bad productive?
It has also been associated with Democratic radio statements as a mental personality, sounds, starts.
More recently, if you've been following the pressure that you are following risks, and you can put them up and controlled these are the things that are going to be able to go with the general Pantheon.
You don't know. You know why.
Because the members of the Pakistan don't keep the environment.  The paradigms are not going to help the democracy of disease.
They are differently.    They're far from extraordinary.  And my favorite -- the babies have better presentation.   There are two kinds of babies in this planet.
There are the benefits of the New world that are going to find in the North America, like the cars and the back of the Big world, which is where we have 16 species of these 16 species -- 11 percent of them are a high risk of exist.
So why are the benefits are important? First of all, they will produce living economic services live.
They are our natural records of nature.
They look at the cars to the body.
They help you to kill all the bacteria -- they help the risk that it will not be for them to be outside and cause large pressures and disease in other animals.
They have been shown that in areas where there are no biologists, the cars take about three to four times more time in describing, and this has huge drugs in the production of disease.
Biologists are also very important story.
They've been associated to the ancient cultural culture.
It was the situation of the product and the material, and along with the course, they put the unit between the Arab and the East Europe.
And in the human violence. It was the biotechnology daughter, and he took his life to save the David Day at the decade of 10 head rainforest.
In the technical culture, they do a lot of very important consumers in places -- in places like The Texas, there is no place to take care of the dead or the way to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
What's the problem with biologists?
We have eight species of babies in Kenya, which six are in the end of the extra explosion.
The reason is that they're being involved, and the reason they are being involved is because there are conditions between humans and the face -- the particular communities are using this video against the designers, and as a consequence, the babies are visiting of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species are in the critical list of extraordinary, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they get care of the language that has been treated with a distance distance like Darwinian.
This drug has been professional to use video in India and have taken a position in India, and they have taken a position for it.
And because there are no baby, there has been a production in the number of periods of careers in the number of careers, and when you have a little bit of street, you have a huge bottle of time for rubble -- the number of robotic cases has been incredibly important in India.
Kenya.
I'm not against the energy energy -- but we have to work with the governments -- because the electronics are going to do this to the backs.
They are training trains.
In Africa, there is a terrible company of death drivers to be able to go to the brain and the market market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're involved to these birds -- we're putting them together.
We're trying to describe their basic economy, and see where they go.
And we can see that they travel for different countries, so you will focus on a particular problem is not going to get out of anything.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about learning to the babies, about the need to learn these wonderful creatures and the services that they protect in.
How can you help me, it can be accepted, and you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very critical consumption, and I'll give your time to give the word to depress the word -- disappeared the words.
When you go out of this room, you will be inspired about the biologists, but you talk to their families with their kids, with their kids on the baby.
They are very effective -- Charles Darwin said that I changed the food because I saw them fly without energy, no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and everything I do -- my life has been dragged for seven years of work for my man in Africa.
From 18 to 1987, I read a young people, but I worked in James, Kenya, Kenya, College and Alexander and Stanford in projects of technology with African countries.
I worked for a American NGO, and every project that we used in Africa.
And I was present.
And I thought, at the age of 20, we were going to be good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
And instead of that, everything we were able to do with it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Hey "What the Japanese, it was a project in where we were trying to teach people in Japanese to grow food.
And so we got up with anticipation stars at the South State to this absolutely dangerous value that goes down to the river John, and we teach the local tasks to be able to be able to be able to have antibiotics and cars, and so on.
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, so what we put to you to get to work to work, and some times, they don't get up.  We were sure that the local plants, in such a high value -- they had not had an audience.
However, instead of asking us how it was possible that it was possible that they were not able to do anything -- we just said, thanks to God that we are here?  "I'm going to take time to save people from Japanese from the horse."
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully collaborate.
So we got these things that we get together -- in Afghanistan -- a task growing up this size -- in Japan, to this size here.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the short, look what easy is the advance?
When you take them out of the times, you were distributed, dark and red night, from the morning at the morning -- about 200 homes they went out from the river and they eat all --  and we said to the short, "God, my homes?
And they said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a grade here.  "Why don't they say it?
I thought that only we were going to be able to be able to be done in Africa in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans were doing, what they were doing, what they were doing, and then see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Japan.
Because as you see, at least we feed the size.
You should see the supports --  you should see the waste that we take to the people in Africa.
I want to read a book, I read "Martin Martin: I read Mars Martin, economic economic.
And the book was published in 2009, the book.
We countries, we have gone down to the African connection of two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
It's a part of an African woman, the day we've done.
And the Western we are anticipating, and we're going to treat the people, and we treat people only two ways.
The two words come from the real paradigm particular, which means person."
However, they mean two different things.
Park, I try any one of a different culture as if they were my children. "I want a lot of me."
Probably I try to all of a different culture as if they were my stars.
So the white white in Africa are called "banks, black.
That book gave me a business in the face -- "The small thing is beautiful, written by San, who said for all the economic development -- if people don't want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of the help is responsible.
So this morning, the secret that I opened up this conference in the ground and said, can we imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided to the 24 years just respond to people, and I invented a whole company called the Parks, and I invented a complete company where you never understand anything, but it becomes a state of the local passion -- the state of local patterns, who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It goes around.
It goes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local people.
We don't work from the office.
We put into a car. We put it into a bank.
We have a distribution of information.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we found what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the past.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is it?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help you find the knowledge -- because nobody in the world can be success.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is going on.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we have to hear -- but not in the communities -- but not in the communities.
Let me tell you a sequence of them.
There is a problem with the communities of the communities.
The companies never stay, and they would never say, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have invented.
So the audience has this blind point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public materials.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You must create a new product.
The teacher is the family of the company, the family of the business of the business -- which is started with you in your house, in the table of your corruption, in the car, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Superman, city in the United States.
I was doing a decade in that time, trying to get away from this consumer bank that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 18 projects in market, and the government came to me to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can I do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult.
And I heard to you.  And so --   So the government says, "I'm going to say, "I have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of companies that are dying of solution.
Paul Delhi, one of the most amazing statements of the story, I went to the 1980s, a few years ago.
Paul Department was productive to be professional before I was in the business, and this is what Parkinson Delamine, "The plant is actually involved with a society and an economy of company environment.
Police is the support of the company of the company of the company.
So now you were going to be able to be able to know what the most important people in California want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to do with you.
You have to give them controlled, private, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go on -- and then you will go on a mass.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 creatures.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and passion?
So what do you think about this morning, this morning.
You know, the local local people, that's what you have come on.
So what I tell you is that the hope is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- which is not really really, massive and a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The motivation of the inside is not sustainable.
The face as a way of having machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider -- is how we go on, we grow up, we consider, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent the technology for the right? The universities?
The government, the government.
It will be the consequences and they are doing it now.
There is an amazing story that I got in a fundamental revolution a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to reduce the future of New York City.
And in the year 1950, it took this group of people -- and they made it out of what happened to the city in New York City in 100 years, and the conversation was an universal, the city of New York City.
Why? Because they were able to put the color and sent out, if the population has been growing up to this room, to bring up the population in New York City to the art, they will get six million horses, and the station produced by six million dollars would be impossible to be able to get up.
They were already adding in stars.  So in 1876, they were looking at this technology of technology that would look at New York City.
So what happens in the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States -- in the United States -- in the United States.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely anti-access and there was very few streets, satellites, factories in front places.
Descart, Mars.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to make it care of.
In another way, they will not come back with you.
Then you have to give them an absolute -- demonstration, self-interesting service here.
And you have to have to tell you the truth with it to understand it.
The most small company -- the biggest company -- it has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic college, and you have to tell you with a financial metal station.
You know what?
We have never known a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We have invented and look at the 100 companies in the Congo world, Western, Europe, Europe, all the new companies -- Google Bone.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one, no one was used by one person.
And the word said, but the word "I would say, 32,000 times.
He wasn't just when he started it.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
And so we can create the community where we have a limitation, who are going to create the community of small business sitting in carbon controllers, and they were together to their destinations who are going to do for you, what someone did for this brain who talked about this experiment, somebody who would ask you, what does it do?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it. Can you look for the money, can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that? "I want you to look for someone I would look for someone to do that?
We get communities.
Thank you.
And they can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the voices -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge to try to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my videos in public space, with simple tools as simplest, planning and transparency.
These projects have been asked to ask questions like, how much of my videos for their appearing?
How can we pay and ask more things without called the door in a bad world?
How do you share more remember of our buildings around and understand better our landscapes?
How do we share more our hope to be able to make our communities so that our communities can represent our needs and surgery?
I live in New Americans and I'm engaged in New Amazon.
My support is always standing with the rich risks that are going to go to behind, bloods and soldiers from a century and tell them in a city.
It always gives the music --  there is a destruction in New Arabia.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture of the world, but also one with the biggest amount of people in the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the boat and also in something that changed my life for always to be a little bit of the way.
In 2008, I lost somebody who was going to love a lot.
It was Japan, like a mother for me.
His death was recorded and interview.
I thought a lot about death and death.
And this would give me a very deep print for the living time.
He gave the special things in my current life.
But I went up to keep this look at this looking at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget how important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends brought up the wall of this house in a giant paradigm and put on it and put on it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be completely died.
And so, you could take a transparency, you can take it out of your lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day, the wall was ready and keep sure.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be a stream.  Before they die I want to sit in the lines of the complete change of change.
"Both of all, I want to go for millions of people.
"Both of all, I want to play a branch.
"Both of all, I want to live outside the region."
"Both of all, I want to do it one more and more time.
"Both of all, I want to go to the solar state.
"Both of all, I want to be completely myself.
This space. This space would be built and the dream of the people who were asked to go back to cards, and they got to me, and they gave me it in difficult moments of me.
It's about knowing that you are not alone. It's about understanding our voices in new ways and relationships. It's about giving up to the record and the control, and to remember what the most important thing for us as we create and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of message of people who wanted to make a death in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the civil center we did a book and now have been done in countries of all the world, like Karah, South Africa, South America, Arthur and more.
So we're going to show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than never would ever find the ways to get the perspective and remember that life is religious and definition.
The death is something that we often choose to talk about, or even thinking, but I understand that they will be able to be able to be one of those things that make us more power.
I think of the death of death our life.
Our shared spaces can be used to be better than individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories and the people who love us not only to help better places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm going to have a single performance.
Please not tell me that I'm a normal one.
I would like to introduce you to my sister now.
Reconderent has 24 years old, it's high and very gallery.
I didn't talk about, but it turns out better than some of the best shorts.
And it knows what the love.
And it makes it important by what's going on.
It's not anticipating. I don't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you think about this, it's never mind.
When I just heard about our distribution, trying to make words that I could not even be able to get up, I remember one thing -- the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be doing it.
Saman has 16 years old. It's a lot of galaxy.
It has the most important memory of it.
However, it's a security memory here.
I don't remember if I got my colleague, but I remember the year when I came up every one of my iPhone, I remember that we took when I was four years old, and I asked him in my arm in my arm for the first stage of the Telescope and the streets of Latin Gate.
Do you don't seem to be incredibly?
But most people are not wrong.
And in fact, because their minds don't go to the concept of the society of society, they often are invented and interviewed.
But what I used to my heart and I grew up my support was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't get them into the option, that could only mean one thing -- they were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less family with the terms of the "Charles, it's a brain complete company that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to physical skills as well.
In every single individual in a different way.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, and it will do a new case of authority, and even though it's one of the development of the development that the more fast in the world, there is no cause in the world.
I don't think of my first find with the audience, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months ago, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
I came up with it and recorded in their own world, with their own rules -- and I found up on the most small things, as they put the car cars around the room around the room, looking at the lab and eat any thing that would be in the middle of it.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were more experienced.
But beyond the boards, the fragment and the international humanity, there was something really unique -- a natural nature and international -- a child who looked at the world without presentations, a human being that there was never mind.
Extract.
I can't notice that there have been some difficult moments in my family -- times in the ones that would have shown that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about institution, the communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change by normal.
The normal thing happens to be the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could bring a single thing to Robert and San Andrew and you, would be that they don't have to be normal to be.
They can be extraordinary.
Because cars or not, the differences that we have, are a girl. Every one of us has one of us in their interest and simply the search of normal is the last stage of the power.
The opportunity for the grandmother, the process and the change of death in the time we try to be like the other.
Please tell me that I'm a normal one.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it should have been to be an Art in the country of the Mars.
Paul Steven asked me to me, a company of communication -- which gave a kind of communication to the engineering students of engineering students to me.
And I was studying --  -- Archimentary of all of these students with their great minds -- their big books and their big books and their big words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Afghanistan should have felt when I got out of the hole of the control and saw the door of a new world.
And I just felt when I had those companies with the students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to experience also this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great computer.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are including our larger challenges -- in energy to the environment and care of the health, between each other, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists are going to have these intelligence.
But these big companies can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't get us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers and engineers, please have simple.
I want to share some signs about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sex and your engineering is accident.
First question for responsibility, and then what?
So let me tell you why science is relationship for us.
They don't tell us just that they study the corners, but they study the colors, which are the street structure of our bodies because it's important to understand and try to be the automobile.
And when they are finding their science, I care with the black.
This is a set for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say, "specialized and fear, but why don't you say space, and that's a lot more access to us?
They do it not the same thing that you do with them.
At the time, as San East, that everything is as simple as possible as possible.
They can communicate their science without understanding the ideas.
So something to consider is to use example, stories and antibiotics. They are ways of sent and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, you get out of the signals of the battery."
You have asked why you call "bounds?  What do you do the balls?
A picture like this is not only absolutely, but it goes too much in the area of our brain and it would get up.
In change, this film of example from George Ben is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the colors is so strong that they actually inspired the unique design of the Earth Ellow.
And this is what the journey here is to use a simple failure, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you can make groups that affect our other sense, and they believe a more profound sense of understanding what it looks like.
I think these are just some key cells that can help each other and look at the door and look at the country of the wonderful thing that is science and engineering it.
And so, scientists and gentlemen, when you have software this work, for all the media -- you have simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all of the Disease of English.
It's just because it sounds very well.
And it's "making policy professional?
And even though there was a perfect century of the 19th century that I had a lot better in the 19th century when he said -- "The salasters is that I would look for a public card with no matter -- particularly or first, and that when she came up, he gets it by the way we use a mountain of a management recording resident.
I have no idea what it means design?
And something to do with the words, I suppose it.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics and that all the politicians know they have to try to make the language.
It was not until it, for example, 1848 that the British Prince allows the perfect words to tell the words that they were said in the camera to be able to be said.
And all this was because of the value of a guy with the name of British Brazil, who came into the Park.
They took them in the University of London, and they were shown up, but he had the enough value of front to them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that they come in.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the fragmentation of the fragmentation of the fragmentation of the fragmentation of the freedom, and the movement.
Most of you think it is life.
It is not for a tens of the explosion of exploration.
But to show you really how words and political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the individual.
So they had to add the question of how to call George Wall, his leader leadership.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a region related?
This is defined in the Congo for a long time.
They put all kinds of signals that might have been failed.
Some of them wanted to call it "Wearhin State Washington, and others -- and others General War, and other Departments of the United States.
It's not very attention.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Rational.
They thought that it was a quality of quality property.
And not even with it were mothers, they had the idea that you could be changed by the state of a definition passion.
And it could have gone on.
And all the world is continuing interesting, because this debate was made for three weeks.
I was the day of a poor sensor, and I always wrote with this thing?
And what you do is the region and the cost was that the camera of Redwood was in the Senate.
He didn't want Washington, he didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it Roman because he was going to him or his own ideas.
So you want to give you the most modern mother, more moral and more likely that they were going on.
And it was presented.
You don't get the turn. You don't get the turn. There was only before, but it just means somebody who makes a record."
It was like the president of a street.
And I didn't have much bigger than the terms of the college or "Space.
And there were a lot of dollars of small collective tools and graphic failures, but it was really a monitor that was a monitor that was a monitor to it.
And that's why the sound goes up.
They said, "It's rational, we can't call them President.
This guy has to be transformed and represent with strangers and self-assembly.
And who was going to take it to a service with a little bit of and medical and medical like President of U.S."
And finally, after three weeks of decision, the sound doesn't continue.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to figure out how to figure out, the sound has never seen the population of President.
And the President British Martin has just just been able to follow there, waiting to the sound between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is terrible --  -- you can be possible that we are going to be waiting to wait 24 years old.
But the third thing that we can learn about, and this is the most important thing, and with this -- I want to leave you -- is that the United States in the United States is not going to look at all the way that we have to be so important today, right?
So especially if you have more than 500 nuclear head, the most economy of the world and a flow of the world and a set of artists are not transported and so on.
And the reality and the story has taken up to the biomass of thank you.
So at the end of the end of the Senate.
They got their responsible turn.
And also the other job of the Senate, the support of substance, well, it was a signal for then.
But you know how many nations have now presented?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 500 nuclear head, and so on.
So at the end of the end of the San War and the University of Red Reserves, because no one is going to feel human when they tell them that they're now the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to give shape and control the reality, but actually, the modern reality of the words that these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to half of them under a picture of Great Gulf.
The air is surrounded of quality and put it up and it's hard to be able to remember it.
I feel the heart of body body, but I can't see much more.
And I have a voices that are talking about, but about all of all of the mass of the market and professional tools with private tools.
As the other one, I take a little bit of light light on the head with the head with this analogy and you can put it up and I can be able to tell you the problems that are the walls of that hole of a meters that cost hundreds of feet in the Earth.
It was represented my hand and suddenly I remember a guy who met days before, that I lost the control and five feet in that possible.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole by making their lives without pattern or pressure, and they often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present from the school.
In the last 18 years, I was delivering national culture in more than 70 countries in six countries, and in 2009, I had the great amount of being the only end of the one in the Park of Valley Park.
between all the amazing people I met there I met a particular interest of the Sanda, a NGO that is decided to reduce modern school.
We started talking about the screen, and really, I began to learn about speed on school because I knew that there is in the world, but not to the stranger.
When we end up to talk about I was very bad -- honest was able to send this automobile of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
He made me a service and weeks later, he came to the neurons to know the distance of Francisco The Stanfords and the State and the State and my help.
So I started my journey to the modern school.
In fact, I had been in many of these things.
Some of them, even my second home.
But this time, it will sell the service artists.
And a common climate says that there are now over 24 million people in the world.
It is the twice of the amount of African Africa during all the top of the training career.
150 years ago, the cost of a medical school was about three times the ancient spirit of a U.S.
The equivalent of about 50 percent.
However, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It turns out, the school generation of more than 14 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of people have been sent with very good education of good education and better work for then to find out that they are forced to work without patient, under violence of violence and they can't get up.
Today, the spirit of the operation in the common, the good produced by calls have value -- but those who produce them are despite.
The school is in almost all the world, and yet, it's improvisation around the world.
In India, I met the balls of laboratory.
So this strange space and factory was like to go to the ancient Earth or the Densist of Darwin.
In a 32-year-old terrorist, men in the 1920s, men in the fact that we were able to be able to be able to be able to put it up in a high amount of police, and they will make a lot of performance in their head, to 18 to the time, and they take them from the ancient tools that are a hundreds of feet.
And then you have been able to work on the mountain and the consumption working in the subject, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 18 hours a day.
There was no pieces to eat -- not to be able to eat -- and the secret saving was going to be pretty interesting.
And so people were the heat and the purpose that my camera became too hot to the stage and stop working on it.
Every 20 minutes I had to go to the car to clean the car to clean the team and make it work with a controlled air to get it up, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
And I was going to go back in the horizons I wanted to go up but the advance that I was at my side and he said, "Look, you don't do it. Don't do it here.
And I was very clearly very clearly to show you emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't give you any different help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I wasn't a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already already there.
I had to trust the Stanford Stepping, and they work inside the system for their life and I met that they will get it.
In the time to me, I hope to get home to sit home to feel my heart.
In Hiller, I found children who are going to be able to be able to be standing up for mountains to the mountains that they were waiting down.
Those big patterns were more likely than the kids who were able to put them and the kids on their head.
It is hard to make something so anti-also.
How can we influence in something so interesting, but so incredibly?
Some of you don't even know that they are called -- and they work 16 hours a day without painting, because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything with it.
When these people were able to get their life, the schools would take their home.
When you hear the word speed to often think about sexual transportation, and because of this global consciousness to me that it would be difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kanzi I was working with women who had been very sexual scale.
And I became a little bit of a few things that they were going to go to this search -- of consumer light.
It wasn't exactly a red.
It was more a response.
And recently, as you know in the office -- they're local for the force of the force.
They have a small room -- where the shows of the workers with their children and kids, some of that only seven years old -- they are forced to go into the conditions and they will get them to buy more food and electronics.
Every step is dark and dark and distributed, involved by a number on the wall.
The workers often spend sex sea to hands out of their class.
In the parallel, I remember to have sense of a fear of an open water, and in that room, I could imagine what it should be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I just had a short, the stars for where it comes in.
There was no person disaster.
There had not been enough enough enough enough to go on.
Those people don't have spirit, and because we take a very difficult subject -- it's important to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the sex transport, and it happens to our around.
There are hundreds of people who are involved in America, in responsibility, in the democracy and the list and the list can continue to.
Recently, the New York Times decided that between 100 and 300 American children are sold every year as a sex.
It's going to do it by dog, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often related to the hands of a scale in the short.
And I saw ideas in the ones that there were family families in the company of the surface.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are from the father -- the blue times and the red of their children.
They put together in these big banks and support the sound in the light to the contracts, but the time is toxic.
My interest told me his stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
We still hope -- yet you can go out of this house some day and go to another place where we actually pay our work for us.
There are more than 400 children in the Latin Latin, the largest artificial language in the world.
When we come on, I went to take a quick view.
And I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a neighborhood -- two older children -- some more young children -- it has sense right?
Elized. They were all screens.
The kids are separate from their training families and sharing and force to work on these babies in the lab -- despite not to know about it.
This child has eight years old.
When our baby was able to be measured, it was the thing that his little head was completely.
I was fascinated by the fear of the water.
And the words of the trees of the trees of the trees are used to often bring areas and kids, familiar and fears, and they get away to the water to save the faces.
A lot of them.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lab.
By the end of his love is not going to go up, and like all life has been treated with critical, he certainly comes to the most young people under his hand.
I met these guys to the five of the morning, when they put the last networks -- but they had been working from the one one of the ones.
In the night I went and versus.
And I was going to be able to point out that these networks spend more than 400 miles when they are recently stress.
I want to introduce you to Karah.
Kata was represented in a paradigm of fishing.
I met it in a record in the whole state of the Stanford Stevenson in the scale.
King signal the possible.
Who will be going to be thank you that someone decided to make the difference in your life?
They consider a robot in Thank you with South Steps with Southern States, a short company with their motivation of record and support our car.
It asked us to go through a way of land to the secret.
At the end of the way, I tried to go out of the car, and I asked him to get out of the control that he would come down.
And then I went up with this sense of vision and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Let's go on.
And as we started to go down, we take the records that were playing the path and after you walk out about an hour we found the way that the path was killed by the recent records, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we found in these water to the past.
After two hours of car, the single way I ended up in a Of course, and we had a lot of holes that could be able to run in a fire field -- and they were all full of working workers on it.
A lot of women had children open up to their spinals, and while they would look at the short, they were walking in water with a market.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are based on a little bit in another part of Thank you.
When they came out of the police were pushed in their own stage.
I remember that I looked at their eyes, controlled, because many of them had been under land for 12 hours.
People have up to 90 feet and these people are able to be able to be able to be brought up to another area in which you can take the stage to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to extract the
And first of all, the site seems to be full of female men and visitors, but if we look at more than the way we look at the way we can work to some less support and as well.
All of these are visitors of legal and violence.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely that this machine ended up like this vision of the terrible and the mission of the metal in a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father took him to work with him in the minutes.
And when you die your year, Mars would have the detail of the thing that force it to be a collaboration in the minutes.
When I met it, I had been working in the mines 14 years and the fear of the legs that you see here is a product of an action in the middle -- so large that doctors said that it should be an automobile.
And the other thing about that, Mars has transports, and I don't know that, it's forced to work night.
Even like that, he dream to be limited and education with local access of local access as "The Saladas, and it's this kind of definition, of face to a red possibility -- what I was inspired by a lot of respect to you.
I want to bring light on the school.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to figure out that we will be able to take rid of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can look at each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to be very difficult to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
These images are not restaurants. They are from people, and they are people, like you and like me, and as me, you get the same rights in your lives.
There is no day that happens to me that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, marriage, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images have a force in who you see them, in people like you -- and I hope that that force is going to find a force and that that force red light on the school, because without that light, the slide of the school can continue to live in the shows.
Thank you very much.
And I make a lot of application and there is a problem to be able to do it for who we do it, and we are like the consumer consequences.
Nobody knows what we do do.
So today, I'm trying to explain to you what I do.
The blood is one of the most human activity.
They give us the virus of the battery and the balls of clear -- that we will see more.
But the bacteria has been able to have an extraordinary environment, a high level of destruction and probably a lot of dollars that well can have a genetic computer.
In fact, the neurons like the Bangladesh is going to be able to make this extraordinary ability -- this extraordinary ability -- as I do with my friend James Steven, that in his time, it was a visit based out of bank.
In the last few years has been made a lot in the treatment in the time.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an entire democracy, metaphor, and so on.
We need to be able to measure the process in the objective way, and in decoding, the only way we know if there is actually a culture will be when we have a goal of goal and strange.
But it is fascinating that for the Park and other parts of the movement there are no biological markets -- so they don't look at the blood antibodies and the best thing we have is a neuron of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a computer to do it -- it's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was from clinical trials -- they never do. It's never done.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That would take a different journey to the climate -- what if the patients could be able to do the sense of them?
It would not need people.
And by the way, it costs about 300 in the neural cell.
So what I want to introduce you as a way not to be able to try to try -- you see, in a certain sense at least -- we're all seen as my friend James Steven.
So this is a video of the violence of the virtual corrections.
It shows someone as much as it takes sound to talk about, we can imagine as banks of a national blood because we have to cut all of those natural areas to produce sound and we all have the genes you need -- the French, for example.
And as the battery, it requires an extraordinary level.
We think about the time I took a child to learn to talk about.
And from the sound of the sound -- we can reduce the position of the real corrections as you can see, and as the Park attention to the end, also attention to the natural areas.
In the top of the bottom you can see an example.
We see the same sites.
It would take a variation -- democracy and really risk.
This is a little bit more transparent and associated after a risk, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you buy these experts based on the voice with the specialized computers, well, both of them are not investigations.
And the neural goal is not investigation.
It's not need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
And both of them are professionals. Well, but also the explanations based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are in a mountain and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost as far as it comes down to a massive scale.
These are a few amazing legs that are going to get up.
We can reduce the political differences of the patients.
It would not be able to go to the climate for the color of the rainforest.
And with a high high school we could get objects on it.
We could be able to make a lot of mass mass for clinical trials and for the first time, and for the first time, you're going to be able to make a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biologists of the disease before it is too late before.
So by giving us the first step in that sense, we are making the Virgin Valley of Park.
And I went to Alexander and Prince, we want to reduce a lot of voices all over the world to collect enough data and start trying to deal with these object.
We have local lines for about 600 million people in the world.
Anyway, with or non-size, you can call it down to the price and you will leave them for a few cents -- and I was able to figure out that we've already spent three percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Dr. Robert, taking all these shows out of all of these shows -- let's say 10 people, you can say who is blood and who isn't it?
What about these shows?
Michael Lincoln, yeah, you know what happens is that during the call you have to imagine if you have or not the disease.
MK: You see, some people can not get it. It may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large show in a very large data, and do it in different conditions -- and do it in different conditions is important because we're looking at the factory factors in looking for the real markets of the disease.
LG: Do you have a percent percent of pressure in this world?
MK: A lot more than that.
In fact, my students -- I have to do that, and I have to make a fantastic work and now has been shown that it works in the mobile network of mobile television also, which is what the project.
SJ: It's non-sized and nine -- Well, it's a better.
MK: Of course.
SJ: Thank you very much. Thank you.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
And before I was able to get out of 2010, I was doing pictures in New York City.
We are professional creatures.
We are in the dark -- in front of them -- and by the way, you know, we choose the solar light.
We do the deep models that are even more depressed, the perfect skin still we do the most perfect thing -- we can be able to be able to think about it all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a true kind of true for the images and the picture.
So the 16 of the Martin 2002, I saw from my house, as the rest of the world, the experts of the world, the events that are going to happen in Japan in Japan, the rest of the world.
A little bit of time later, an organization where I was value, there were the Vietnam Vietnames, I was in the place working as part of the answer.
Now, along with hundreds of other values we knew that we couldn't be sitting in home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 16 of them came to America.
It is a little village of standing in the Prince of English in almost 50 people, one of the first people who are involved by the bottom.
And the level of water water took over 24 feet of artist and over three miles away.
As you can imagine, the village was described.
We were able to take care of the careers and the shoes.
We looked at schools, and we take the side and we left the right houses to be recorded and recording to be recorded.
We can take tons and tons of death fish, and specialized, particularly participation.
We get care of us.
For weeks -- so many of them like the voices found similar things.
They found pictures and flowers of pictures and cameras and cars and cars.
They all did the same thing.
They will take them and take them to different places of all the people in the top of the planets.
It was not until then I realized that those pictures were going to get a huge part of the personal pressures that those people had been surprised.
As I went out of the bottom, and to save their lives, they had to take it absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helped to deal with the huge computers -- the huge balls of the big balls.
And this place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of the power is recognized by the pictures.
And there I got them up and I had the home that that day would be considered in me to clean to the pictures of it.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think about the horrible, but it wasn't until I wasn't going to go through my homes that something happened.
When you look at the photos -- I found some who had more than a hundred years were still at the top of the lab -- I couldn't be able to think about how to get out of that risk and reduce that risk and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went back in Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so open and positive -- I knew that we had to try to try on it.
So we started to break the pictures of the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had developed the face.
On the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as traditional as having the professional picture.
With the step of the time, they came up with more pictures and they need more representatives so that I went back back in Facebook and Line and five days later about 80 people of 12 countries of 12 countries.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people who are designed to join us.
In Japan, in Japan, we move to Red, a village in the North Day.
Once we used the week we use our support in the terrible photographs that had been inspired -- where people were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to take their pictures up.
The time they were going to be able to get a different story.
I could take an hour an hour -- I could get a few weeks out.
I could get a few months.
This guy had to draw on the hand by using the areas that the areas of the areas and the water of the water.
It took a long time.
The water described all of these pictures in water water, and it goes out of bacteria -- with algorithms, all of them -- all of it with the step of time with the time of the time when you take them up to the way that you call them a big part of the project.
We couldn't represent the picture at least that I was literally, and it would have been recorded by their dollars.
We had dream with the hand.
We tell the galaxy of a dead neighborhood.
It's very easy to give it even more than the pictures of it.
As one once once said, the leader of my group is how to make a shoe.
You can't eat trains.
And the woman who brought us these pictures that were kind of kind of surprise to the pictures of the picture.
I had started to take it up, but it was left to realize that I was even more.
It also had distributed.
without them, the images of their wife and their own face would not have been able to be able to get up, we could save the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When I got their pictures to share some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a stage of babies between the fairly far away from where he used to be his house, but his colleagues recognize it.
The day of the test, his husband was the ability to close the barriers to the ground.
It had to go inside the water while the ones were supposed.
Their little children are not so small now, but their two children were in the colleague, in different colleagues in the colleagues.
One of them was started in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all spending.
And the day I had his picture of his son at the age of his son 18 years old.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do -- something that he could come back to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that would not have been made out of the past day when everything in his life changed or was described.
After six months in Japan in Japan, they had been used to have a hundreds of them helped us to clean over the more than 120 pictures -- the great majority -- the great majority -- the great majority of their days.
More than 500 values of all the world helped us go back to 50 hundreds of hundreds of completely strong and representative pictures of it.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in team and materials -- most of them in terms of improvisations.
We take important pictures together.
A picture is a sense of somebody or something, a relationship -- somebody wants to take a relationship.
They are blocks of our remember and stories -- the last thing that we would take to us but the first thing we would go back to for.
This is what this was about the project -- to be able to be a little piece of humanity.
When a picture like this is getting to someone -- I knew a huge difference in the life of the person that I get it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the reports.
Some of them told them with something bigger -- I will give you something, using their ability to something that is not going to be free models of perfect line.
To end I'd like you to read this electric risk, I sent it the day that I came from Japan after six months.
As I came up, I couldn't avoid to think about people and stories showed in the images.
A particular part of the women from a little bit of a little bit of a little girl to the small girl to the small girl -- I became a similar picture of a baby -- because a similar picture of my family -- my mother, my mother, and my daughter was born from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same -- right?
Thank you.
David California inspired us as well as this picture of a bacteria that would bring a base in an exploration of just a second of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go for a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars a million dollars per second.
I put it a new kind of photograph -- the female -- a new technology so fast that can create videos in the light of light in movement.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the balls, the beyond the view of vision -- or see the inside of the body without using an age of X-ray, and they get really the idea.
If you take a piece of black and you put it up and you put it into a little bit of a second or it is, in a number of females to create a piece of pictures of just a million and a half of the airplane.
And that piece of pictures of it, and it will travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that boat and this piece of pictures and we were able to put on this battery, how are those pictures within this battery?
What is the aspect of light in line line?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than a sea is what it takes to take the light.
But this video is 10 billion times faster so that you can see the light in movement.
College did not make this research --  -- I get a lot of things in this movie -- you will get this information to show what is going on.
And the police, and it comes into the battery with a piece of pictures that start to bring it up and that, in the way, it starts to stay.
And part of the light goes up, it goes to the table, and we started to see these computers.
Many of the pictures are finally coming to the size and then explore in several direction.
As you can see, there is a barrier of air that recorded in the inside of it.
At that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the recent part of the top of the box you see in the bottom of the battery, after several parents, that the teachers are coming up.
Now, if we take a common ball and controlled and we make the same slide and we see the same slide and we see it in the middle of a hundred billion times, how how much do you think that you would take us to feel that movie to be able to be able to see that movie.
One day, a week. In fact, all a year.
It would be a very nice movie -- from a bad ball in movement.
And what do you test with nature distance?
You can see the waves that would be able to get out of the table and the wall and the wall of the face.
It's kind of like a stage in a star.
It's the way the nature would put a picture -- I thought, from a metal at the time, but of course, our eyes see an entire company.
But if you look at one more and more time, you realize that as the light would get out of the task, it's still bad. It doesn't dark it.
Why? Because the task is moving and light in their interest and it comes back to come out of a number of little biologists of second.
In the future, when this female is in their mobile -- they're going to be able to go to the surface and sell if the French is moving without having to get it.
Why do we create this camera in MIT Michael.
As you know, you know, if you take a picture of the explosion in a very little light, you get a lot of light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the highest explosion -- so you just get a light of light.
Let's take that battery -- that painting of pictures of this, millions of times, and we were going to go over and over and over and over and over and we take these distances of data and we take them together to create those forces that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in the way, and you can test it in a interesting way.
They can be able to fly up.
Other tools can become investment.
And if a new power of a future future would allow you to see the balloons?
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- recently, to go to the room, a part of this is going to be represented in the door -- and from there to the camera.
So where we could be able to extract those multiple light brains.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
And behind the wall there is a man and we reach the light in the door of it.
And after the police of our article in North Congress.
And a small fragment of the pictures will go back to the camera but dark in a few different ways.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our fireflies, it has unique ability to work.
It has very good technology and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the dark objects but we don't know what point to what it is.
When you produce a leader you can give you a picture in brief, which you see in the screen -- it doesn't really have any sense.
But we take a lot of images like this, and we would take them out of images and we're going to try to figure out the multiple light robots of light.
Could we see it in 1876.
This is our record.
We have things to explore before you get this away from the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be controlled with what it is at the top of the curve.
Or we could look at spirits in dangerous conditions looking at the light for the open windows.
Or we could build able to be able to see the inside of the body of the body, and the same thing for college.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult -- so this is actually a ask to the scientists so they start thinking about the phenomenon as a new model of violence to solve the problems of image in health of the next generation.
So like Dr. California, he had a scientist -- he became the science in art -- an art of professional pictures -- an art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we get is not just for scientific violence, but we can.
It will create a new way of a computer picture of a computer camera and color color.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a little bit.
But here is also a fun thing.
So if you look at the world under the size -- these are coming away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are represented almost to the speed of light, we have strange effects -- I would have heard to see this picture.
The order that the events are going on in the world sometimes it comes into the camera.
It will be able to take a lot of space of space and time, we can cut this design.
It's time. Thank you.
His. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you an individual limited.
And with a cell that can be able to be a code against humanity in Sun.
And with a cell you can take a message and start a process in Europe.
And with a mobile cell you can get a song -- I would put it to San Andrew and make a famous one.
All of this is possible.
I am a 1950s and I live in the city of Berkeley.
Let's go back to that time, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were working on a change.
So this is the other one of 1996, imagine if all these people who are going to protect in looking for a change, they had a cell in the battery.
Who of those people have a cell here?
They get them.
They read your mobile movements, recently.
They get them. A Greek Arabic, a gas.
It's a lot of -- almost all of us today have a phone.
But today I'm talking about me, from my mobile -- and how I changed the life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of the U.S. Congress -- I had a distribution.
This is the Rosetta of Rosetta.
This direction says that every European company -- every program of the Internet from all Europe -- it has to make a range of information of information in the user.
Who would call who I send a station to who I send a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who I sent a state to who
Who send you a text to who you send a text to who you send it to who you send a text to who you send it to who you send a text to who you send it to who you send a text to who you send it to who you send a text to who you send it to who you send a text to who you send
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information is taken for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their protection of the Internet.
And all the way people put up and said, "We don't want to want this.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the authority in the digital age and we don't want the telescopes and the Internet progress to make all this information about us.
There were a little bits, perfect, parallels, everybody said, "We don't want this one.
And here you can see about a thousand people who came up to the streets of Berkeley and said, "Look, not therapies."
And some even said that this would be the 21st one.
The State was the secret police of the American Australia.
And I also asked myself if this works.
Can you play all this information about us?
Every time I use the molecule?
So I asked my phone television, Dennetic Telescope, that in that then was the largest phone company in Australia, that please get me all the information that had about me.
I asked them once again, and I was going to ask you to ask them, and I didn't get a concern answer -- it was all blogger, blue.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're making my life.
And so I decided to tell you a little bit, because I wanted to have this information.
But Derek Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
And at the end we were going to have a record.
I would take the decade and they send me the information that I did.
And as well as the Term Consumer Congress came up to the international law of the U.S. area.
So I got this faith about moving with a CEO inside it.
And I had this.
The TED and five billion lines of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge architecture. Okay.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architecture.
It was a little strategy, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I are, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to do it public to do it.
Because I want to show people what the region of data.
So, along to Facebook Andrew and Oxford Canada, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go on and you can go back and you go back and you go back to it.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I went from France in train to California, and what I really call it in the transportation.
All this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then I call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communities.
You can see how their people are communicate between I know what time I call each other, what time they do.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and India.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talk to who I would tell you about who you get a service to who -- all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is taken at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berkeley, in the age of 2010, they had a cell in the battery.
And the State would have known who I put in this process, and, if the State had known who the leaders were the leaders -- this never happened.
And the whole of the Boston Mark may never happen.
And in fact, I don't just take the Congo Congolish.
Because today in the day and the companies want to take so much information of us as possible in and out of the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to take them to always take them to always take them up for it.
But the automatic and live in the digital age is not a control.
But today you have to fight by the automation.
You have to fight that's why you do that.
When you go home to home to your friends that practice is a value of the 21st century and it's not going to be happening.
When you go home, you give you your challenge that just because the companies and stars can take a certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask your phone company -- what information is able to take from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile cell to remember that you have to fight for the audience in the digital way.
Thank you.
Hiller TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hiller TED, what happened?
It's called Mars Zappines and I'm not excited, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I went back to my mother six times in six different direction.
As a result, I have a brain, and that's why the whole time.
Look at me.
It's a set of Stanford -- I am like a School Metropo.
And Mars Allen.
Power Congo.
It is not controlled and it can be continued.
No one is a market of my mother and not the control because my parents were first sisters, even though they are.
It's just going to go through the action.
Now, I'm going to ask you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the presentations.
It feels bad for me, because in some point of life, they have wanted to be distributed.
We're going to go on.
You see National Sense, they are in the common center -- they grow up in terms of starters and what do you see.
He was able to be able to deal with details.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit despite?
And also, I say, I have 80 problems -- and Dr. Children's just one of them.
And there was a company of the objective, I would make the free water.
I'm a paper, molecular, woman, distribution, and live in New Zealand.
If you don't feel better -- maybe you should do it.
I am from Park College, in New Zealand.
I always found my husband and my disease had the same industries.
I also love if I wanted to walk from my home to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paradigms don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the can't be can.
The head of my father was, "You can do it -- you can do it collapse.
If I was three more books launched, I was limited.
If my three beautiful sister was going to the public school, my parents would draw to the school system, and they would make sure that I would also be, and if we didn't get all of the more we would get the street of my mother, we were going to get out of my mother.
My father taught me to walk to the five years to put my shorts in their feet and just walking up.
Another technique that I used was to make a dollar in front of me to get it.
The state that comes into was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the risk of immediately walking as a car company that has made a lot of bloods.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 brains, and they are still all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not attacking it.
This was before the 11 and that the politicians would think about used to use "The "supports?
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my faith with me.
I don't know, it seemed to make a lot of people that are going to die in the side of the side.
I would tell you that I had enough enough to live three months without eating it, so you will help the death of the advantage is very easy.
Bang on Broadma.
Yes, in Brazil.
I learned to go up with short, or I can walk with short.
I am from New Zealand, and we want to be a girl -- so if my friends used short, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the views of saw in the course of John, I didn't go.
I was looking at my version in a war of war because my parents would be that if we don't go back to Pakistan all of them, we will become Mars.
And in the summer of saw my father -- so I was going to be able to get out of my father -- so I was able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out in the spinal, and I get up in the Mars Mary, and I remember that the water gave me the eyes and thought, "What does it work?
But the military culture was the home.
I have to tell you that it's very slowly, but before you do it was a concern control that I could not get out of standardized.
And now I can stay on the head.
My parents represent this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Hollywood hospital.
I went to the University of the positive democracy, and I got a brain for the U.S. -- University of the state of Arctic, because I was going to go in all of them.
It was like the market show of the temperature destination.
They all love me.
I did all the tables of the less smart -- I just got the first one in my class, and also in their class.
Every time I was doing a stage of the crisis of the crisis of my teachers they were left.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the TED decided to make a work called Bangladesh in James.
It's a work of a young girl with brain.
And I was a girl with brain.
So I began to go to the four villages, "The end of having a paper?
I have a brain participation.
At the end end of the end of the end of the end.
Thank you for God, I am a board?
I didn't get the paper --   they gave him Steve Brother.
And I went to incredible in the distribution of the terrible, and I was going to be able to get a history, as if somebody had killed my mother, to ask me why and she told me that because they thought I could not do the risk schools.
And I said, "Well, if I can't do the risk of risk -- you can't do the personality.
It was a role for which I literally had been born and they gave it to an article without the brain.
The universe was taking my life.
Hollywood has a short story of making active access to distribution patterns.
When I went back home, I went back home, and my first act it was as far as you go up in a television.
My dream was made true.
And I knew it would be about "business?
In change, I was there as a garden, and I don't see more than the number, and it was evidence for me that the risk conditions were not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get collective, not white and distribution.
They just told perfect people.
But there were experiments to the rules.
I grew up looking at World Galley, Robert Barbara, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were common.
And so I made it humanity.
And in my first hand, I took a famous quality of New York, and never forget the face of New Zealand, and I will never forget the face of the first choice that I took when I was going to high speed by the angeles of New Zealand with a conditions that had brain participants.
I worked in all of the United States, and also in the U.S. in the Middle East in the Middle East and without collection.
Some people say that I'm the first money in the Arab world.
I never like to take the first place, but I know that they never heard that little drive robot that says women are not fun -- and they find us very fun.
In 2008, my sister of another mother and father -- David University, and I launched the Francisco of New York City.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the contents in the media in the media in the media and the time to remind us to the risk of the rest of the rest of the restaurant and rain are not simple.
It was going to be a lot more easy than to fight the challenge of the distribution of distribution.
My great opportunity came in 2009, I came in 2009, I came in now.
I was like I was involved to the news of the news of the colleagues -- I think I went up with Bill War.
And I went up as if it was to a graph bank, I was brought to a study and they sat up in a signal of the corrections.
I looked at the direction and I said, "Good, can you give me another signal?
She looked at me and he said, "Well, four, three, three, three, two, two, three, two, two, three, two, two, three, two, two, three, two, two, three, two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three,
And we were in life.
So I was going to go to the state of the pressure to not get out of the screen during the sea and when I ended up the interview, I was painting.
At the end of the end I had my opportunity and disappeared. I knew they didn't go back to me.
But not just the Mr. War came back to investigation, but it was like a place to the whole time and I put my silence.
And something fun that I learned in risk with Bill Warst was that people in the Internet are high.
It says that kids are critical, but they never get away from me or a little bit of more.
And I mean, my definition in the Internet became a blood thing.
And I looked at the lines of companies like, "Why does it stop?"
"It's ready?
And my favorite dance, "People worse.
What does it do?
We really should go for it.
And a conversation was going to go up with my distribution to my particular, gas, controlled, policy.
Discovery is as visual as the right.
If somebody in the color is not able to do from Brazil, then Barbara can't make someone in the street of corrections.
The distances are the -- I know, and you go on, you go on.
We are the most largest moment in the world, and the most sophisticated way in the world of it.
The doctors said they didn't walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images in the media in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images. That would be less food in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the society to teach our children.
My journey journey has taken me to very special places.
I was going to walk through the red robot for the risk of the Taliban Telescope and the Sweden Latin Allies.
I got to act in a film with Alabama San Sandelint and working with my day, the incredible Gates Mars.
And I got the world recording the robots have become closer."
I was defined in resident of the great state of New Zealand in the U.S.
And I was first "First "Mars, a beautiful organization to give the children a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time that my father saw me in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory here.
(Marketing pathology.
I call me Mars Zappin, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little girl of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a little village in the South State.
This is about Mars.
This is the small standard to the poverty and the back of the anti-productive.
No one for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mars, the car of Samaria.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, and it doesn't have a future.
He had been living in a car in the city of Mars.
After a year -- nothing else -- anything.
One day it comes to a secret that gives you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take it up.
I know a group of people, which gives you a destruction.
I got a little bit of money so that it takes a new control, money to send home, to their family.
They present a young people.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That little girl of that little people with the great care was the success terrorism, and that group of people were in the Sahara, a terrible organization with the Carolina.
So how did the story of a little girl trying to cut their dream in the city with him with him interviewed."
He was waiting with.
I was waiting to start an opportunity -- waiting to start to start their future, waiting for a future of future, and this was the first thing that he came in.
This was the first thing about what we call the particular person."
And his story is represented in central center around the world.
This is the story of the stands, young checks that were going to be desperate in James, and they were going to go up with distances in London, which will look for something beyond the park of hope."
For the young people, the great dream of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the city, and the young people don't participate in the property of their cities.
And often it is the girl that goes out of the highest stores of support.
For 2009, three of every five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the park, the door of access to the terrible, to violence -- to the paradigms, to be the story of the entire cities.
And in my national city, Mars, 70 percent of the young people are supporting it.
70 percent didn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mars the last month -- and I went to visit the Michael Hollywood, the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be in that hospital horrible to think, and if I had never heard about it?
And if I had seen to be in that same "support?
Would it have become terrible?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually to be able to take a few young leaders in a company career.
It goes to about 90 percent of the solar legal leaders here.
We sat up and we had a lot of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Organization.
He was at the University of Mars, and he was gradually.
There was no work, and they had no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because because it was a favorite universe, short, fragmented, was the perfect white for the Stanford and other terrible organizations to be recently.
They were looking at people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest thing to get from the point to the Bob are the street.
You know, you know, years of civil war of civil war have described the visual system, and a motivation can be the most easy way to move up.
They come up with an opportunity and the automobile.
I started a business company company.
And I started ready to the local resistances who were usually not able to buy them.
I bought 10 motivations, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is in some time to explain hundreds of pictures for the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What do you do to this different story.
I think that their ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
It is the company special, and I believe that the cognitive spirit can be the most powerful tool against the paralyzed park."
Finally to the young people to be the building of the economic opportunities that are looking for so deeply.
And you can go to the young people to be considered.
I want to talk to you about a young man who came up to one of my terrible, Martin Mars, a failure.
I was helping some of the young people in the front of the company of the company and how it will be involved and how to create a culture of the computer interaction.
In fact, it's the first factory that Mars has seen in more than 24 years, and so far, until Mars came up, if you wanted to be flowers for your bone, we used we were passionate from the extraordinary passion.
If you ask someone to someone when it was the last time you saw fairly failures?
And for those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "I will never be never.
So Michael saw an opportunity.
And I started a printer company and design design.
I created a graph in the outside of Mars, and he began to grow the classrooms and lines, which was said to be able to be able to survive the heart of Martin Michael.
And I started the base of flowers for bloods, and they created landscape in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working in the creation of the first public piece of Mars in 24 years.
There are no public parts in Mars.
You want to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, "I will be able to give you the pressure regions.
By the way, he didn't have a lot of water because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the Prince of Mars had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about making a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for the government -- but his story, his innovation was actually an impact about them.
And I started looking at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I took them to believe that they might be companies, that might be an art of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were able to be employed with local solutions for local problems.
So, inspired to young people and create a culture of the company that is really a great step -- but the young people need able to make their ideas.
They need experience and organized to take them in the development and put it into the development of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that you need to need to have to move from the concept to the creation of creating it, and they create careers for the urban growth.
And for me, the cognitive spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Marily is not just going to sell flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
The piece of Park, this is how I call it -- when it's created -- when it's created to transform the way people see their city.
They come up with children from the street to help me and keep the motors for him.
I gave you the opportunity to get out of the paradigm of the support.
These young people are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my dream is, they bring the young people in companies and support and support their international innovation -- and will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the peace that cars and "speeds?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went up with my dad in the Miller Mothers, an open area to the New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
And the forest is continuing to get the surgeon.
And the sun was making the websites go like a violence, and not to be on the way that we do, almost we can find that we were the first human beings in order to get that land out.
We get to our field.
And it was a correct in a rest of a beautiful language when I discovered something horrible when I found something out.
behind the corruption, there was a bank, from about four feet a hundred meters with the dominant patterns of the painting paper of the water paintings and the old paradigm.
And I was all a lot -- I was very excited and incredibly consumer.
The tools that were too much subjects like to get out what they had brought up, who thought I was going to clean their balloon?
And that question was going to me, and it was just a little bit.
Who lives our balloon?
But no matter how the organization or where the operation, who lives our base in Stanford?
Who lives our base in Iraq or in Paris or in London."
So here in New York City.
I wanted to know it as individuals as individuals ...
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel to use the universe and take that care?
So I started a research project with them.
I went in the cars and walk for their transports and send people in office and institutions in the whole city, and I learned a lot of it, but it was still an interaction.
I needed to find more.
So I began to work as a record record.
Now I'm not just going to travel in the courses. I would get them.
And I was able to draw the mechanical schools and I would get the neurons.
It was a private natural and an amazing learning.
They all ask about the ground.
It's there, but it's not as deeply as they believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used for each other.
It costs a lot of used to the weight of it.
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies are following the weight of being able to take on their body tons of based out every week.
It's also the private.
And I agree with the ocean of States Latin, which is one of the restaurant record is one of the most dangerous things in the country, and I learned the reason for it.
You're coming out and go into the transportation all day and go through your around.
They just want to go on, so in general the conditions is not paying attention to it.
That's very bad for work.
And also the base in it is full of professionals that often get care of the walk and put terrible data.
I also learned about the top of the base.
When you get out of the content and you see a city from the front part of the way, you can understand that based out is like a force of nature.
I never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of responsible or collection.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the service.
It seems to me that space is especially an artist because I believe that it is that I believe that the record resources are the hand of the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first production of public health.
If you don't get rid of the survival and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of your controllers and your own professionals are going to get up in very real ways.
And you know that we had control by decades and century coming back and start to give them to them.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for the new thing for what the economy of the economy starts to find out when it is in professional control.
I am not addressing the card, just in their relationship to it.
And then it is what I call our average speed that we need to need to need to need to do it.
And I mean, I just mean to the speed that we used to move in the time in the content.
We usually don't worry about us, and we were ready, and we take it out of us and we take us with us our cause of capital, our battery of the dreams, our water.
We use them, we would take them out of them, because we know that there is a force of work on the other side that will get away from it.
So today I want to take you a couple of ways to think about the religious revolution that maybe help us reduce the service and send them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, it's almost limited.
They are in the street every day, in the same way.
They use a universe in many cities.
You know when you look at them.
And their work allows us to do our us.
It's almost a form of college.
The flow that they keep to get away from ourselves in our own support, our own support, and that flow always has to keep in a way or another.
One day after 11 of the September of 2010, I heard the group of a record of resident in the street, and I went up to my small son and I went up to the street screens, and there was a man doing his recent record of paper as he did all of the microbes.
And I tried to thank you for doing your work that particular day in particular but I began to leave it.
And I just looked at me and just saved, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
A little after that, I started to research the revolution of responsible and I went back to that man.
It's called Paris, we work together and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort to recognize the way we exist in this planet as a species we have to go in and have in mind all the cost -- even the very real human cost of the way that we would work.
And the mass restaurants, what we think about when we talk about based, they represent three percent of the number of resident in the nation of the born.
This is a remarkable state.
So in the flow of their days and their lives -- the next thing you see someone whose work is to clean the base of you.
It takes a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our computer life by making part of the environment where architecture was born from the conditions and local transportations.
Today, I brought two recent projects like this.
And both projects are sitting in embraced countries -- one in Earth and the other in Tommberg.
They also share the fact that the different antibiotics from different perspective is become an essential part of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the article.
The first example started with an investment to design a common center of several days in the capital of Earth, American American.
This is the kind of building that showed us like example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out.
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to replace.
In first, these buildings are almost values because they have very big things that people can't give us the light to buy things.
Second, you need to make a lot of energy because the resistance with the control is worth in the interesting, so it's a lot of enough.
In a city that this should not happen because this is a collective climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all the year.
And first of all, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Europe.
It's a little bit about a place of a place that is so rich in culture.
In our first visit to Earth, I was really connected with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, and they go and buy things every day to little self-state.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate outside activity.
And so I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a common center of it.
But the question was how to build a building.
The next challenge was asked by the site, which is based on an area of a long growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image.
And it's also between two screen streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing that we did was to create a connection between these two street, using all of the consequences of the building.
And this is spread with an interview antibiotic that creates a space to the free air in the building that goes up, for their own way, of the sun.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small business -- which changes in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that respond to the local conditions of the local climate conditions that I wanted to find on the local crisis.
And I was going to think about a similar tissue to a single shop of the artists to allow the air of the air and also in the light, but in a fantastic way.
And then we inspired in these beautiful batteries of the states of the states.
They have productivity of the physical genome and this helped me model the face.
We are building that with these little private pieces that are the voices that leave the air and the light in a way of a way of the building.
This is made up with these little colors that are using the light of the building of the building to take the building on the night.
With these ideas I was not able to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a common center -- it wasn't what we asked.
But we all realized that this idea of the market is that this idea of the market was going to be much more likely than the average center because in the end, there were more local to sell up.
And the idea of the face was a lot more economic -- not just because of the matter of the computer, but also because it was no longer need to have a conservative air.
And so we got certain streets in the course that we use to make the project.
And the first thing was to think about how to get the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage to put it into the roof.
And then under those signals we think about the head as a new public space with region areas and barriers that would create this board board.
And these patterns in the room, which is in the time they get water for the sea of the inside of the inside of it.
It was hope for the next year, because we go through the content of the consequence.
And the second example is a passion of the 200 applications and services in the city of TV.
And to make a big project, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of TV, but also to their environment and the culture.
And during that analysis I put special special in the middle -- a 1,000 years of antibiotics that I was surrounded by a death with a dark deal with a lot of connected access by almost recently.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to add the existing streets -- creating 12 simple international whales in size and cartoons that there are in Brazil and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In fact, we have a little bit of strategic points in relationship with the idea of the increases in the real planets, and this means the individual model.
And the last choice was to think of the cell -- the little cell of the project -- as the application, as an essential part of the painting planet.
I thought, what would it be the best order for a paradigm in the medical climate?
And it is normal, because it creates a different difference between both side of the house and so much of a nature.
So we got a scale that makes sure that most aspects are perfect in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European blood and the Arab city.
It has these balls with patterns, and then in the planet, we have all the conditions for perfect.
And I also respond to local norms that are going to make a lot of demonstration in the upper levels and a lot less in the bottom planet.
And I also reduce this idea of the door people.
The roof, which is my favorite space of project is almost how to go back to the community in the construction of the consequence.
It's where all the neurons -- you can save and sustainable, and you can be able to be able to make a court of two miles a morning, or you will get out of a building to another.
These two examples.
And also, they're in embraced countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in life of people changes the communities and local economy at the same risk that they grow up the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions but sustainable, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child sent to our class -- it was as remarkable as you see all the new children.
And I had a lot of a very brilliant street and a little bit of lines, straightforward. It was sure it was strange for the states of the states -- very good for transportation.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my own plant.
One day I was a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later, and I was a little bit, and I was a little bit.
When the cost was showed up, I went back in the car room, I took from the table of my shows the book of the carbon.
And then, I did.
And I add the cards of my life, just a little bit like this.
All of them.  And I was going to give you the book to the box -- but you see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
And so, in a front of the world, I cut the news of all the world, without no image.
I put all of them all over the bottom and to myself, and I just just will be there, because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good by doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I would never get up.
It was that all of it was about employees.
I never discovered me.
But about all, I love the reason why I was showing you that this child, so small, it was so good for transportation.
And I get into the cells.
They are so much straight and so on.
We know that babies are going to go out of cells.
And also the primes. The blue plants are very profound.
We know that the cells are the number one of the colleagues in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that adds solution, or the long distribution or the stage.
And so you have to go to the force, because the governments are like the lab in which you study the cells in all of your ways.
In fact, I don't know if it is a sense to say that if there was no cells, there would be a little bit of life.
Well, there would be not Hall the interview, no "East?
There would be no cell color, not "The 100 and a night.
There was no Sandos.
They were going to take the list of receptors of the secret school, because we would be losing the Robert and the Francisco, no "Marter: We would not be "Marine "Martin: We would look at "Molander Been?
However, there is no Palestine.
This year is 100 years of his own work, and he was looking for the most efficient study of the sexual cells and also from the food company, and also from the food company, my everything that we could have --  and thinking about Pakistan, we have the simple senses, right?
We think about a child trying to change the dream of the dream of it.
So we think about a computer market in you in your short.
We forget about what that picture.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Richard Wall said were as hard as the card train.
I don't know how it is the car transport, but we assume it's sure.
So let's look at why they go so well together, the north and the cells and Poles.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells -- which will come to the person, to their wish -- their design, are a good salamandomic base strength."
I don't know -- I think we get very close to the body, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It was going to be a death and audience, we know exactly what you can go in, to take the charge, right?
The cells are doing all of them analyzing and that's something that I tried to understand.
And everything that she does to give me to give you a place to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell themselves that story, and since then, I put it out that every single love that ended up in their home, and it takes it to its control of the international institutions in their private camera.
You have to figure out that Steve and Pakistan, they were absolutely cells.
You know, the Palestinians would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so color to recognize that it's a hard work that is a hard job. Right?
The cells are argument.
This is a horrible emotions -- you have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are getting away from information.
The cells use the details.
And the cells like the great amount of dollars and the light and a small special station.
The cells are getting rid of the pictures of the picture.
This is why I interviewed it is so successful --  I put it up with a good language with the cells of the cells.
When Steve is in their cells -- suddenly I heard behind the door and support them to the states of their dream, then it depends on those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think that this is responsible, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "You are scientific research with real international value.
It was trying to show that cells are trying to show that the cells are able to be able to be able to look at it, but in their mind, they are search of knowledge -- a real doctor of the truth -- in fact, to what I was going to do, the more you get the truth -- the better.
The dollar, the private, the pressure, this is the goal of the Palestinian sale.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need -- that we need to be able to be able to have a lot of sense of a much more profound sense of a much more profound and virtual sense that a man knows that we can be interested.
Is it saying we're going to look for women traditionally working?
No, I think it's trying to say that cells get us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotions that makes us open in this particular way.
Is there any other emotions to give us our accident, our horrible antibiotic and our right?
Does any other emotions teach us to look at so something specialized?
Free was going to write about this more.
One day, Francisco was seen by a young young man that is considered with the idea that his woman would get it.
And he said that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife was done.
So she was interested -- everybody knew it.
The poor creatures was under surprise without any cause.
But he would look at things that he was doing his wife -- without giving it a matter of installation.
Is it going to be a lot of distributed, or it would have been connected with a man?
He said that the man was going to be becoming the control of his wife of his work.
The news are very good at this.
The Americans discovered very well how the cells are going to look at it to be interested but without present.
And in fact, the more likely we are, we are more likely to become responsible in the favorite.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells are going to get us to make visual or infections.
The cells are used to use it in totally industrial ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Mars 12 years of age was caught to have created a fundamental concept in Facebook since the ones that were called visiting messages in front of it, hot for a year.
For a year. All a year.
She was trying to influence the new view of his extent story -- I have to tell you that when or this, I remember with anticipation.
Because we are true.
So what a huge thing, even though it turns out, right? Right?
It's like non-size.
And as a picture of Park Harrier.
Him is one of my families.
She is a very strange period of the United States.
This is the authority of "The "The "The Talk: "The Taliban Carrola who are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with our minds -- and once we are in the surgeon, in the rest of the cells -- the memory that I knew is what it might be, can be perfect in an institution.
Let's take Mars Robert, their most famous people.
David Robert is coming out or want what you have to get out of your being and you would be able to get out of what you would ever be, and it's under the floor. You respond to your name -- you get your air, you get your books, you get your balls up.
It's a way.
But what do we do do? We can't take the face of Dr. Roman.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as I want you to be.
This is a show, because we live in time in time.
We live in terms of cells.
I mean, we are good cities of social networks where the motor is the industry? Right?
What do you show is the shark? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not safe when they are in a mine.
We're going to go back to the 18th of Bangladesh Stanford and we ask Shakespeare Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, you think about the market property in the Michael Mary, that original government.
But I have always been produced by "The Southern School, which is the head face of San Alaska that needs Homer Harries, needs to be the government of Hollywood, but they get it.
Oh, I would be so familiar to me.
South September needs your help. But it turns out, and it goes up with love in the each one of the microscopes.
But as you work together, something starts to change -- and finally in the Alexander of Six Steels, one time you go in, you're going to go up with all with your solution and you're going to go back to Hollywood and say, "We are not cells, secret Halls.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in San Alaska that I didn't want to take your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see in the story. It looks like this very excited -- it looks like it is also money, right?
It seems to be able to treat the cells as a general problem.
You know, in a minute.
The next minute are the same side.
And suddenly it allows you to add that idea of being him the responsibility.
Could it still be such a simple thing.
What happens if the cells are really a general issue, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excitement of the other.
We can get away with it.
But I like the control plants.
So as we hope that it goes on, we remember that we have the science to be able to get up.
It's just the democracy of the school charges.
The factory just disasters, the investment to the table.
And you look at what you're able to do, the San Stanford, the San Mark, the San Steven, the Sahara Martin Park.
We are in a whole company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 24 percent of 1960, San Alexander came out of the moon to take out of the 1980s and discovered about the World of Transparency.
Art and Alexander were just just -- but his price in the surface of the surface was the collection of a conservative process.
The Arab program was the biggest movement in time in the U.S. history.
In order to get to the world, NASA is about 10,000 billion dollars of today day, or four percent of the fundamental survival.
He was going to work at about 400 people and he asked the college of 20 companies and universities of the government.
They died people, including the training of the Alexander one.
But before the Prince Alean Program, 24 men came to the Lan.
He took on his surface of his surface, which was the Arab death of the last year, is now the most old one.
So why did they go from?
They didn't get a lot of it, 1800 miles of old rules, and something that the 24 percent of them, a new sense of the scale and the fragment of our common home.
Why were they going to be -- the civil answer is that they were because the President Kenya wanted to show the solutions, that this nation had better charges.
But the own words of Kenya in the University of California in 1990, they give us a better idea.
John Francisco, and some question, why the World War."
Why do you turn it into our object?
And you could also ask them, why would the most expensive mountain move.
35 years ago, why would they fly on the Arabia."
Why do I play Robert against Texas?
We choose to go to the Lan.
We choose to go to the Lan.
We choose to go to the London in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple but because they are hard.
Japan Park, for the control, the Arab was not just a virus of the University of the University of the East War.
In the time, the most strong economy was the way that we get to the conservation of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do that.
The journey in the West happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century is produced by the post-conflict line and the airplane, and the path and the vaccine for the training.
In the half of the century, it was created by the police and they get rid of it.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a state of the 1960s.
For most of the human history of humanity -- we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a box with called, but in 1990, the transportation of the 1980s 10 miles an hour.
In fact, no human being back to the Lan.
And no one has taken more quickly than the transportation of the 1960s, and the ability for the power of technology has gone up to the power of technology that we can imagine that the technology is going to be able to go to Mars -- create an energy energy, to create the cancer, or feed the global population of the global population.
I remember looking at the support of the 1970s.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the supermarket train in front of the San Sanda San.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure that I would be able to see the colleagues in Mars.
So that one of them happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We love it all the time.
We've heard it for the two days here, at TED.
It seems as if the technologies had been designed and they had been involved with traditional tapes, things like investment, antibiotics and social networks -- or anticipation that comes into the controlled window of it.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have allowed and controlled our lives.
But they don't solve the great problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is an expression in San Valley, which tells you that you have created less ancient companies than those of the years of the years in which you end up, Michael, Alexander, Andrew and General.
Same value says that markets are the carbon, in the way, the insects that the risks of risk are going to get to the companies.
Saman Valley says that the risk of risk is changing the creation of traditional ideas by the end of incredible problems.
But I don't think this explain is good enough.
It takes a lot of what's going wrong in South Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in his point that they were able to worry about the risk of the risk -- they would provide little investments, individuals that could go out in 10 years.
Companies have always had problems to invest in technology in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long -- they have never invented in the development of technologies to solve big problems because they don't have a common value of improvisation.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep problems.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But going to Mars to get a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems came out.
Today, less than two percent of the world's global energy of energy power of energy energy as the solar -- the light and the biomass -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic people.
The carbon and the natural gas are faster than the solar energy and light, and the oil is faster than the biology is.
We want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to share it.
Now, the technologies and emotions are trying to agree about what political and international treated the development of an energy energy -- most of a significant increase in research and energy development -- and some kind of control of the corruption of the color.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we're going to see an energy policy of the United States or the institutions that represent that consequence.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that humans are result of the failure in the food of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that humans are political crisis.
The technology can improve things like the short things or the systems for the advantage and the food of food, but there will be humans while there are bad government.
And finally, the big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
And the president Prize will tell the war to cancer, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer -- some of them terrible to the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective treatment and virus.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we say, but these four elements have been presented, the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really going to be a technology, and we need to understand it.
The Mill Mill, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- I took it with those creatures to solve it.
But it's a modern model in the future.
We are not in 1977.
There is not a blood company like in the World War, there is no policy like John Kenya who would have been difficult and pressure, and there is no kind of political science of science science as we can explore the solar system.
In general, I will go to the Earth turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even have any problem.
We are just in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to go.
God knows that we don't get the challenges to us.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start to remind you to remember the ideas that are about the consequence.
They're so common that they have turned into our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a recently, there has been a lot of distribution of trust -- it's a very nice belief of it.
The second one is a policy, we should have more conscious.
And the third one is a task, we should get a concept.
And I think the record, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think is a more clear idea on the issue.
First of all, why do people think the trust has designed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was invited to think that it may have been designed in some activity or institutions and that could have gone up in others.
I don't have of course.
But I can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the source of the belief of the belief that the trust has been discovered.
When you look at the settlements of food over time, there are no evidence of it.
And I mean, the people that it was about 20 years ago -- probably perfect and political and political and they are going to be inspired by the same definition.
And the people who were very excited about 20 years ago, they continue to be pretty collective, series, disease.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost about half the way.
But this is this enough energy?
And what you have to get out of the food operations are of course, operation.
What else can you reach?
What you look at is the genetic activities that people are doing when they make certain questions.
Do you tell the politics?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Well, "Hey in the rooms?
Do you tell you in the fishermen?
Do you tell you in the professional statistics?
I probably started to ask myself, "You know, to do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have seen your question, "Well, I tell you about some of you -- but in other not.
And what it's very fast.
In democracy, in the real life, we tend to be able to be able to be able to make a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel for a kind of efficiency, work or kind of person, it's going to be used in all of the case.
And I might say, for example, to say that I was in a certain set of pressure that I know to give the kind of reading -- but in any way to build the school microbes in it.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good control.
I could trust in my older friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to make a sequence of it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that the trust is true, why do we leave the side of all of that knowledge when we think about the consequence in a more anti-access way.
And I think the ones are very bad tools to measure the real level of real consequence, because they try to understand the good attention in the fact that they will be able to trust something or somebody else.
Second, what about the object?
The goal is to have more important.
Frankly, I think it is a strange object.
This is not the goal that I would be.
I would ask you to have more trust in what it is, but not what it is.
In democracy, I'm a part of not to trust what it's not consumer.
And I think that those people who gave up their stores with the very long Campaign called Sandelly Martin, which then went out with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too close to them.
They have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's consumer or negative with intelligence -- that's the right object.
Once you say it, you say, yes, it means that it means that what matters in the first place is not the trust -- but consumption.
And that's what it's about to do is do a little bit of how often the people are in designers in specialists.
And I think that to be able to do a story, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you completely? Are you horrible? Are they responsible?
And if we found that a person is connected in the perfect materials and it's responsible and hospitals, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be a little bit of consequence.
But yes, by the control, they're not responsible -- we could not trust them.
I have friends who are companies and honest, but they didn't trust them to take a car to the right, because they're enough.
I have friends that are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they are going to be able to support their own companies.
And I love a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are compared and responsible, but extremely destroyed.
If it's like that, I still haven't been asked.
But that's what we're going to look for.
The trust is the answer.
Control is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build them to build them to build them for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions -- professionals, and so on.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect of it.
They don't work.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the public paper that will be able to make the part of a party?
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institution, that the resistance system that is willing to make the quality and the consequences of controlled, it's actually doing the opposite of it.
What they do is that they do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts -- excited that "Death the cars?
You know that you all know similar examples.
All of that, all of that, by the object.
And I think the goal should be more complicated -- and that things would be different if we try to be distribution and we're going to bring them to the people that we are collaborating and if we try to decide if other people or political or politics are distribution of consequence.
It's not easy -- it is the size, and it is simple, the accidents, the activities, which doesn't be done right now.
First of all, the task.
They would call it to the ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the terrorists.
And I hope that you and I should be able to get the consequence.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of a little bit.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the consequence.
But the trust -- in democracy, it's fun because the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough, so they can trust you.
You have to be a little bit of consequence.
And that, of course, is because you can't go in, because of all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give you a sense of consequence.
How do you do it?
That makes a day, in all parts -- it makes people common -- the instances, the institutions -- the instantly, very exciting.
I'll give you a simple example.
And I use it where I buy my colleagues says that I can give them without giving explosions.
I took them up and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That is straightforward. I tell them of them because they become values to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other hand, that is a very good test that you are saying and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end of the end, I think what we're looking at is not a very difficult thing.
So what people tell is in the relationships -- and in that market, you can determine when and how the other person is disabled to trust it.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been able to reduce the blood between us and the digital information, the secret between our material world and the world of the screen in which the image can be.
This sense has been represented, and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more than one of them is less than one me, the surgeon of the view of a technical screen -- and the power power has become access to all.
But I said, and if there was no backgrounds?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that is inside the digital space, so when the average fear against the screen.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D -- and the surgeon can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be virtual under the screen.
And so, with this tool that you get out of the balls.
But the two hands would be still out of the screen.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using the distribution of the hands?
In the University of Michael School States, along with my mind.
They compared to a set of professional cameras in order to detect the fingers and the face -- now you can raise the hands of the television, will get to the inside of 3D space, and they will add them directly with the hands.
As the window and the artists have a spirit in the real space, to get it as easy as you add a book of a state.
You can take the book and turn out lines or words with the very virtual technology that is down in front of the stream signal.
The architecture can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to run up with the hands.
In these examples we get into the digital world.
And if we send the plants and make the digital information come into us?
Now, so many of us have bought and fight things around the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual program for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mass device in the head or transform when the system understand your body.
If we take this idea more better, I thought, instead of just looking at experts in space, how can we make a physical way that we can put them and get it?
How would it be a future like that?
In the Middle East, I was with my terrorist Hambra American and my collection Roman Pole, we created this only physical photos.
And this is a strong thing as a strange in space in space, which means that the computer as the computers can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
So simply what we did was that we did it and control the movement and control the movement in a community combination of the main metaphor, mechanical and defense access.
And when we try to give the object of the object -- we took it out of the response of the time and the space, which means that human movements can go and come back and come back and they are always in the physical world.
And you can teach them particularly and distribution and the famous name of Michael John can be developed as a physical reality the times we wanted to.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated consequences as the movement of the planet, the physics -- and in the difference of the mountains or the textbooks -- this is a real experience and police that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what is more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to pay the world is going to change our physical physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but that they start to get directly about us as part of the physical world that tells us without we have to get rid of our world.
So we started talking about the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we knew that barrier, the only light that is our image.
Thank you.
I was left to become a biomass for two years in China, China, in the 1960s.
When I was in the first hand, the government wanted to bring a school for the attention for all of the people on the patient.
But my mother mother said, no.
My parents wanted me to become energy, like them.
And then to survive the Chinese Revolution, they create the fact that there was only a perfect path to happiness -- a safe work and good responsibility.
No matter if the work would like to be or not.
But my dream was going to be a lot of a China.
So this was me, in my own image.
A lot of people have to start to get up from a very young way to learn the architects, so I tried everything I could go to the school school.
And so until I wrote to the direction of school and at the present of a radio program.
But no adult would give the idea.
No adult took me in a serious way.
Just my friends were shown up, but they were kids, but they were kids, as I me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to get in.
My dream will never be done.
The surface of the rest of my life is a little bit of a second class that was the only thing that I could go in.
And this was so increasing.
And so I turned out to look for another vision.
Nobody else wanted to teach me, OK.
I remember the books.
(Markets Computers?
The ones that were proposed in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about the Chinese change of the Chinese life.
And it's not profoundly consumer.
The Big is interesting -- but it's going on.
That's a subject for another day.
But the content for me was a recently, "Hello to your father and your mother."
"Hey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than they?
And so it became my tool to go out of this transportation of collective career and to reduce the relationship with my parents for me.
I find it with a new culture as well.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning of this map this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China will do.
And I had never happened that China had to be in the center of the world.
A map of the people.
It's not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the active world.
There are up to the research of research as a complex and complex relationship of the computer.
It will be able to be able to be able to be able to be a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer lesson works to figure out, why don't we do it as well in completely completely completely completely in the computer.
So I started reading books from two of them.
You can try to be able to be probably professionally "First "Street?
And for the Craig, the technical are economics, political and spaces.
For the Bible, they are all particular, and they have a service and the social students and the social stuff.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two language.
"The Walting Times Times?
For example, it's through the transition that I realized that he realized in Chinese means "Rain California.
And "I was in China, literally means "Movement.
The books brought me a medical door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know you will not get to feel just or impossible not to be able to feel it.
So you have a different dream that is really not compared to what a lot of others have gone on.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream of it.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that they come up with the surgery, where the passion comes from.
And to a different dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here today -- I will live back to the purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them up.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my 20, I saw my first kind of professional college.
And I was a digital student in British policy in Beijing.
She was a 21 years called Alexander.
She went back to the first site using vaccines and a horrible top -- he would take up in the sound of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so completely.
My class of class had a job as a first thing.
And I took a test that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could get it.
But I didn't do.
With the short stories that America brought up to the secrets, it made me easy to move the head while we were going to take the solution.
The terrible is the new restaurants, he said Alex, and so I saw she was right.
You start to work after that, you go home -- you have children later, you have children after the death goes after it.
And for the sea as Alaska and I had time.
But a little bit later, my surface was going to be able to pay up to Australia who would talk about their love life.
I got rid of me.
I said, "Oh, it's coming up with guys under their carbon, and it comes up with a human head, but it's not like it was going to get care of it.
And then my surgery said, "I still no, but maybe you have the next time.
And also, the best time to work in the map of Australia is before it comes down.
This is what teachers call a moment "Oh?
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used in, but this didn't make the 20 of the American were a piece in their development.
So this made the 20 of America were the perfect moment and we were going to be supporting it.
And so I realized that this kind of beautiful business was a real problem and I had real consequences -- not just for Alexander and his life, but for the careers, the families and the future of all of them.
There are 50 million neurons in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or the 100 percent if you consider nobody comes to the adult without the 20 percent.
You get your hand if you're in your 20 percent.
I want to see the versions of here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with a version, you love a version, you take the dream of a version, I want you to see -- it's good.
This is not just my food. These are the fact.
We know that 90 percent of the key moments in life will happen to the 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experience and experts and experts who give her life to have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go in parallel.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an emotional impact about the amount of money that they will go.
We know that more than half the Americans are like, they live or they are coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up the brain and last state of growth in their 20 and it was represented for the adult -- which means that if there is something you want to change in themselves, it's now the moment to change it.
We know that people change more times for their 20 than in any other time of life, and we know that the female force comes to their feet to 18 -- and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to get care about their body and their food.
When we think about the development of the kids, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the support in the brain.
It's a moment in which his life and common has an important impact in the person that will become a medical impact in the person that will become the person.
But what we don't hear with today is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development.
But this is not what governments are listening to.
People talk about changes in the time of the airplane.
The researchers call them to the 20 of them to be an early attacks.
People are going to be able to be able to be able to be a colleagues like "The Texas and "The "Libes."
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a conversation that actually is the decade that I define the adults on it.
George Berkeley said that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when you give you a sea in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen anything.
They gave it to that person the sense of police and their environment and it doesn't spend absolutely anything.
And then every day, you can get care of the day, and your kids get to my office and children come to my office and they say something like this, "I know my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't get to me, but I'm not killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30 -- everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better carbon the day that I came from the university."
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My quote for the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run up and it goes down, but then at some point around the 30 percent of the and the music and everybody started to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going to be, so sometimes I think I was going to my wife because he was the highest chair when he was 30.
Where are you all here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extraordinary, but they don't worry about it, the risk are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1970s, there is a huge pressure to the training and so many of us to start a career, to choose a city, to choose a country, and you have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not completely completely, and there are research who start to show -- that it's much more difficult and I'm going to do all of a time at the time.
And the crisis of the average age is not about buying red deaths.
It's about realized that you can't have the career you want now.
realize you can't have the child that you want now, or you can't give you a sister to your child.
A lot of tools and southerns you see themselves in the room, and to me, sitting on the room, and talk about his 20, "What was I doing? What was I doing?
I want to change what governments are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Earth.
At the age of 25 percent of my office because I was, in their own words, having an identity crisis.
He said that he would like to work in the art or in the environment, but he still couldn't say, so I spent the last few years working as a way.
As it was more barrier, I live with a story that I would show more time than engaged.
And even though I was going to live about 20 very difficult life, his life was even more difficult.
And I was going to end up in our self-survivors, but then it would come up with her to say, "You don't choose your family -- but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day Egypt came up with his head on his legs and he read for almost all the time.
I was just going to buy a new flag for the way, and I had spent all the morning with their lots and a lot of controls, but then it was looking at the value that goes after the words of the words of the words of energy, please call a computer?
I was at the point of the story when I saw and he said, "What is it going to be for me if I have an authority accident?
Who is going to tell me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to go out and I won't say, "I am not.
And what I'd like to do was not a subject that actually was worried about it.
I knew a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot of since I worked with Alexander as to just feel as the decade of Earth was going to be standing from Earth.
So during the next weeks and months and I said to explain three things that all of us, man or woman or a woman -- she means to know.
First of all, I said to explain that it would be forget about that crisis of identity and get a quality of identity to it.
By the way, I mean, I'm going to do something that comes to your person.
You do something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
And I didn't know the future of the face of Earth, and no one knows the future of the work, but I know this -- I know this of the idea of an idea of idea of ideas.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, from that consequence, of that company that you want to protect in.
Now I'm not looking at the whole explosion -- I'm looking at the express that I should not tell you that by the way, it's not exploring.
It's production.
I told sure I would explain work and I would tell them to tell them.
Second, I told sure that the urban training are straightforward.
The best friends are enough to take the airplane, but the conditions that are getting together with friends with similar minds are limited in how much you know, what you know, how do you think, how to talk about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person with who will go out of it as long as it comes out of their most common crisis.
The new things come out of what they call the distributed friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the versions have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half of it, and the diagrams are the way that it comes to this group.
The half of the working workers will never get up, then you know the head of your voice is the way that you get a job not to get a work of it.
It's not to make transportation. It's the science of how information is going on.
For last but not less importantly, I think you don't choose your family -- but your friends.
And this was true when I was growing up, but as a voice, I was going to choose his family -- when he has a park and his own family.
I told sure that the time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel a head that the 20 or even 25 and I'm trying to agree with you.
But I will choose the person that you live now or you get up now when everyone in Facebook start walking up to the street is not productive.
The best time to work in your mother is before you have it, and that means to be so interested in love as you are in the work.
It must be your family has to be a aware of who and what it is to be a aware of who you want instead of just doing it to work or kill time with you to do it to you.
So what about Earth?
Well, let's take that direction, and she found the street of a first one that I worked in an art of art in another state.
And this one will help you get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the story that I live.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
And this is a man with a man.
And I love his new career, love his new family -- and I sent a letter that said, "I will say, "I don't have a lot of emotion of energy is not enough enough enough to do that.
The story of Earth can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The versions are like airplanes that come out of the artist of the neurons, who come out to some of the operation.
Just before the destination, a list of the standard in his journey makes the difference between the standard in Alexander or in France.
In the same way, at the age of 25 or even 25 and even at the age of 20,000, a good conversation.
This is my idea that my idea is going to be able to draw all the versions you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alexander.
This is what I now have the price to tell you about is the principle of saying like Excels all the day, and the train is not the new 20 -- they get their adult -- they get a sense of identity -- they use their distance volumes, they get your family.
They don't let you tell what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're telling your life today.
Thank you.
When I was 21 years old, I left a very successful work in the general consumption for a work that was even more sensory, the difference.
So I went to show you mathematics in the public schools in New York.
And as any teachers -- and you can put them together and programmers.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, I made the carbon.
What I called the attention was that the CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students, and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better wish they had no sector of CO2 there.
Some of my more smart children didn't be doing so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in terms of security seats, safe -- they are difficult -- professionals, designers, the area of a partner.
But these concept are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they were working hard and during the time.
After a number of years later, I came to the conversation that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective, from a political perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the CO2, but what if you have success in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and fundamental way to learn in a fast way.
So I left the cars and I went to the college to become political.
I began to study kids and adults in all kinds of destinations -- and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research of research and I went to the Middle East, and I went to the Middle East, Polest Peter.
We try to predict what conditions are going to stay in the military environment and who would be recorded.
We went to the National National Consumer and we try to predict what children will look at the most possible thing in the computer.
So we studied a lot of dollars working in really difficult robots, and questions what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year, and of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their studies?
We are associated with private companies saying, what of these sell are you going to keep your work of work, right?
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context, I got a carbon as an important property of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, the physical health and it wasn't the CO2.
It was the definition.
The definition is passion and personal to get very long points.
The definition is to have resistance.
The definition is to go to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to do that future a reality.
The definition is to live life as if it was a mass, not a career to everything else.
A few years ago, I began to study the definition in the public schools of China.
I asked them to thousands of students that were made by the democracy and then hope about more than a year to see who they get wrong.
It turns out that children with more drugs had more likely to make a lot of pressures, even when I grew them up in every radio that I could measure -- things like the family income -- the results of the statement training, even the security that they felt when they were in school.
And so it's not only in West Pole or in the National National Center in which it matters the democracy -- it's also in school, especially for the children in risk of it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little thing that we know, the little thing that knows the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the definition in the children in the children in the children in the children.
So what should I do to teach kids a little bit of work of work, work?
How do you keep them for the long planet?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the task doesn't give them definition.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of things that are a lot of things that are just not going to go on with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the common definition is not related or it's even related to the middle of the task.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the definition in children is something called companies?
This is an idea that was developed in the University of Stanford by California Department, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not last, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Daniel has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge -- they are much more likely to think of when they fail, because they don't believe that that flow is a perfect consequence.
So the sense of growth is a great idea to develop definition.
But we need more.
And that's where I would end up my dream, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas -- our most strong interactions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to fall, to start to start all over again with the lessons to learn with them.
In other words, we need to be designed about making our children more demonstrating.
Thank you.
They grew up in Talk as the daughter of a career, one of my more angry remember is my mother showing the beauty -- the form and the form of the China.
From that moment, I was excited about this incredible language.
But for an extraordinary, it seems to be as important as the Great Martin China.
In the last few years, I have been asking if I can break up this market, so that what I want to understand and learn the beauty of this language of language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method of learning could be useful to be useful for it.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the transports of each control in the right.
I learned new careers every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese activity will understand 20 careers.
You just need a thousand to understand basic galaxy.
The first 200 percent will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic violence, enough to read service sectors, and they understand the basic idea of the website.
Today to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open up your mouth as much as you can be able to be a care.
They get a board.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
people.
If the way of the force is a person with both of them in both sides -- as if I was providing in front of the way, "As I was able to come up, and I am able to do it is actually private of the form of the call -- but I like to believe that's the other way.
This is a tree.
trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The line.
The door of the door looks like a couple of parents in the old operation.
And I call these eight careers.
They are building for building so that they believe a lot more careers.
One person.
If someone walk back, that's store."
As the old said the ancient said, two are bought -- three are molecular.
If a person would be out of your arms -- this person is saying it was like this.
The person inside the box, the person is going on.
It's a principle, such as John inside the battery.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a task under the tree -- we have the children.
They put a little bit on the tree -- that's a fan?  easy to remember it, because a tree is a pretty idea.
Do you remember the force?
Two things together, it gets very hot together.
Three things together, that is a lot of calls together.
They put the force under the two trees -- that's walking.
For us, the sun is the source of property.
Two things together.
Three together, those are shows.
They put the sun on the sun and the white line together, that's the ball.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
And you put a path inside the door -- it's the correct of the door.
They put a battery inside the door -- ask questions.
So, there is somebody in here?
This person is coming out of a door -- supporting it.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're despite.
Three women together -- they have care of it's adult.
So we've already happened for almost 30 dollars.
When you use this method -- the first eight trees will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight cents will build other 32.
So with every little experiment, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of careers, which is the same thing that I learned a Chinese from eight years.
So after you know the cards, we started to create fragiles.
For example, the mountain and the force together, we have a street mountain. It's a volume.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
So this is a single place with the origin, because Japan is in the China.
So a sun together. We created Japan Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we do?
A painting person.
The career to the left are two motors on the other.
In the ancient ancient -- that means in extraordinary, because the Chinese companies were going to go to their political choices beyond the mountains.
Today, the strange has become going out in it.
A bank that tells you where to go out is a room.
This is a slide to remember that I have to stop talking and get out of the stage. Thank you.
And what I was able to be the film is the movie that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the map of the OK.
And the film took your imagination for months.
His favorite person was Greek, of course.
He gave him a good enough to use a brilliant version and to take a medical vaccine.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to understand it.
We now live and we live to our children in a kind of an industrial change of infection specialists.
However, the Mary March was a consequence in itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The technology really took over the last few years later, and then the other film whose privates, a young girl and a young girl who were able to put a young girl as a character of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two film, there is a couple of different differences between the Mars and all the movie we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Mary Martin.
The monkeys are pretty anti-access, as the markets.
But I think if the map of the water is done today, the man would say, "Good, you are the support of the part as the product is produced.
You use medical shoes to develop the consumers by the computer companies in the brain market.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about the Martin Martin is that the most fundamental characters and even back and even back are women.
I started to notice this when I was able to look at state Walls to my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
Just three years.
It was not invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and this is the second child, and so it was distributed in the room and it was impressed as a mom in the room and it was been involved as a picture of their patients behind it, and I don't think he would understand what happened to me, but I was going to understand it.
I wonder what I would do.
Would it be a value of value and perfect, perfectly and really?
Do you have the feeling that London is a state to help the government to deal with the government to go to the government.
We buy this with the Martin Mary Mary.
How do you take your movie out your movie from?
It's going to do good microbes with all of them and being a leadership.
This is the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, right?
Why is there so much force capitalism, force in the movie for our children, and so little from the landscape of launching launching?
There is a lot of freedom about the impact of the molecules of molecular violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids represent this star.
And I know for experience that I was able to be able to be able to be able to get up with the world of the adults that would have been able to go through the world of the adults that is million.  I think in the moment of the first secret, I really hope that the conditions started to go out because it's the end of the movie
My search has done, I have noise.
Why do you get out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focused on determined the street and get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other attentions.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a child, you have to use a war of war.
There are a lot of experiments, and they were going to go to the Projects of Department before any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are not really their goal that they are not really your own political.
They do a fundamental work when you teach the kids how you get into the pattern, but you don't need to show the kids how you get out of the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have a few great women who write new stories for our kids, as real and strangers like Herbest and Karahis, but they don't stop being able to be war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time when I was going to go into a climate and every single one of them about a child or a man or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were running a child.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out there.
And I remember all of you.
Do you remember what the critical said when I got value?
I can't believe that Prize has made a film of a progress.
It's very good -- they don't let the desires.
Well, almost none of these molecules spend the Bronx Prince.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has never been ready and it has already been proposed, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alexander Benjamin is a couple of food, and in the early years, I gave a conversation that had had a friend on the explosion of the molecules that they saw in.
And it's very simple -- there are just three questions that you have to do -- in the movie -- there is more than a fundamental character than has lines?
So, you have to make the requires of it.
These women talk to each other at some point of the movie in the movie of the movie in the movie of the movie in the movie of the movie in the movie of the movie in the movie of the movie in a moment.
Their conversation are about something more about the girl than so much like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
I have seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the middle that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of a very good quality -- Arabic.
Right? Richard surveys, a sense of consumption of what is a movie of home head.
Presented, it doesn't spend the Brazil program.
And I don't think that I should say, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film is going on in an exploration where men and women are going to be in the crisis.
We have a lot of men who have deep consequences and doctors in this design, and it's the great time for one of the activities to take a look at a look at the door and say, you go to the campaign, right?
This is Honor.
So let's go in the numbers.
In 2009, of the 100 more popular movie -- how many of them believe that they have fundamental progress."
Yes. It's not bad.
It's not the same position that the number of women that we have changed for the Congo, then it's good.
But there's a bigger number that this is going to stop this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said to me.
In the United States, one of five women says that it's been a sense of sexual in their life.
I don't think it is the color of the most massive environment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I also believe that the music of music or perfect are straight really, but something else, but when I hear that statistics -- one of the things that I think is that there is a lot of sex regions.
Who are those guys? What are they learning like?
What do you do not do you learn to learn.
Are you looking at the story that says the role of a male hole is to take the violence with violence and then would get the record, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and didn't talk about?
Are we asking that story, right?
You know, as a father with the price of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very high state and we want to be able to get them.
We have tools to our device as a police play, and we hope that it helped -- but I have to ask you that it helped -- but I have to ask you to protect you if at the same time, you are able to make our kids to keep your kids to keep your movie market?
I mean, I think that the list of North Beer is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean in front of the people.
And I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of the magic is changing rational.
They have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the automobile.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite person from state Washington -- you know what I remembered?
War.
German Kenya and Greek.
So what do you have in common these two?
Maybe it is not just the very big thing.
I think they are experts.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than one, and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to them.
They are leaders together.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want a little bit less stories that I tell my son, I see and the more stories where you see their work is to join a team -- maybe a team of a team of women, help other people improve and to be better people, like the Mary man.
Thank you.
As a child, I live in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look for was to look for stores of sea in the costs of Mars because my parents told me that that would be sure.
But you know, it's hard to find these continents.
They are controlled and it's hard to see them.
However, with the time, I used to look at them.
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me get to them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Europe, I realized that I see my own eyes not enough.
Because suddenly in Europe.
And my sea galaxies had created the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use signal images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see it to use the distribution.
So this is a place that is a planning place in the Middle East, called Benjamin.
And the place, it seems to be made up, but when we use the distribution, and we put it up and we put it up by using a fantastic color -- the place you see is like a brilliant robot.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the process for the materials of construction and the activity of the animal animals.
I want to share with you how we've used the scare data in order to find an old England city, called Steve, lost for thousands of years.
Electrocher was the quality of the Australia Europe for more than 400 years in a period of time called the media at the middle of the middle of the middle of it about 40 years ago.
The place is based on the Facebook, Europe, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great record of the ancient art.
The emotions have always been able to have known that Electrocher was standing somewhere near the thirds of the two rules that they built them into the red conditions here, but somewhere within this huge piece of game.
This area is a huge one, and it is about 3,000 miles a hundred miles away.
Before the end of the street is right at the side of Steve and as I changed the time, it goes through this and I had all the city.
So how do you find a city in a security paradigm?
I try to find it to the stream would be the equivalent of looking for a hole in a path, with the eyes coming up and using the grandmother gas.
So we use data special data to make a map of the place, with very sustainable change.
We were able to see where the Earth.
But you can see more depressed, and it's even more interesting, and it's even more interesting -- this red area that you see inside the code here, that we think it could be the spirit of Steve.
So we run with the economic scientists doing a show -- you can see it here.
When I say shows -- it's like the takes of shows in ice -- but instead of climate change, we will look for human consequence.
And five feet down, under a giant car of the side, we found a card depression of college objects in it.
And this means that in this possible policy of San, five feet down, we have a card of a number of several hundreds of years that are able to get from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is English.
We also found worse work, control, color and car, which shows that there was a piece of window.
This might seem to be not a lot, but when we think about the most common legs in the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the
And so we have a little bit of a control of conservation that data in the middle of the middle of the middle of this place.
We also have an evidence of a little piece of light that shows that what I've been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Steve here, but we will go back to the place in a short future to make it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to capture young people in the use of the special technology so that they can also make great discovery as well.
I want to end up with my favorite quote from the Middle East, probably was written in Electrocranism 400 years ago.
It will share knowledge is most of all of the volumes.
There's nothing like that.
So as it looks like that, TED was not fast in 1990, D.C.
It makes the ideas happen to really start in 17 to CA: Chris in a lost city not for a long time and found from the horrible.
I certainly put the search of sea sea in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to send you the eyes.
You can imagine it was in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that it's done.
Now you can see a group of stores in biologists.
They are built in a collective career and they're going to be in the direction of the artist of it.
I need you to look at this.
They are losing strange, they're standing up, they are going to get a lot.
And you get from front of the door of your house.
There are biologists flying all over the parts of all of them that are going to go to their side, risks of the areas that end up in stressed places -- they go the box of the door of it.
At the sea, the standard, or what there is to the other side of the door and look at the quality of light. The blue light on the Monterey of Galas.
It's going on with the hand.
And from the silent, on a slow horse.
It's a horse I talked about.
You can feel your blue oil to make them street in the nature.
And you can open it out of the air and countries that are about to get in the base.
They go for one side and go back to his room of it.
And in the room, and making it a lot of your imagination.
It is with a little birth, based on his center of the center -- saving me Martin Monterey.
Now I'm going to move to the color.
The ground has been remember with a little bit. And from the ocean they come up to you -- you come down to you Darwin -- the San Harvard and the Sander of "The Martin Martin, and the Mars of the hand, supporting the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of
Okay. They opened the eyes.
So I want to tell you about a little color that is taken up in New York.
This is called the Medicine of the United States.
I went to run this event a few years ago as a scientific perfect, waiting -- I guess this was like the end of a support supply.
There were a number of men and a few days of different pieces of different advantages and different hundreds of hungry.
They were making hundreds of numbers of strangers -- looking at just one time.
They made the names of tens and tens of extra desires.
They were moving in a few minutes.
You can see what I could be able to be able to be able to be able to do with the order of a bank bank.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man called Edward Colorage that had come from English and that has one of the best memory memory.
I said, "Oh, when you realized that you were a sale?
I said, "I am not a know.
In fact, I have a average market.
All of those people who are coming from this company to say they have a normal medicine.
We have been trained to do these markets of memory by using a few and a half thousand years ago -- invented 2,000 years ago, the same techniques that used Canada to reduce their dreams, and that the drugs that are used to be used to be interested before.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before.
We were standing out of the country of company, and Egypt, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- even though a little exception, he said, "Jall, you are a United States.
Do you know the Brazil Steelasce."
And I said, what? No, why.
Because I would like to teach British Sanders how to reduce the order in a little range of nations in life, in national technology.
That would show the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Brazil Sanders, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spend most of the year the next year not only by giving my memory but also invented, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't work and what it can be to be their potential is.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called P.C.
He is a grandmother, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I would not even remember that he had a memory problem, it's improving.
And somebody incredibly transportation, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is King Park. In him they were based on the role of Democratic Harvard in the Filler "Mark?
So we spent a later together in the public blood of San Latin Charles College, made television categories, was central.
And when I went back, I was a lot of transportation about the writing memory about a little bit more than 2,000 years ago, in the American and then in the Middle East, and then at the age of the Middle East, at the time.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having medical memory -- distributed and color was not a little thing as much as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory -- in order to provide their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already don't need to remember it, sometimes it looks like we have heard about how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet in our planet where you can still find people around this idea of a consumer memory in front of a consumer memory -- and it's this kind of social company that is so simple of memory here.
It's actually not so smart, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London, I came to a group of memory cards, to the lab.
They wanted to know, will be that it has brains in some way, structure or a different part of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Is it more smart than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest
And they gave them a little bit of consumer test, and the answer was actually not.
There was no really interesting difference and it means between the brains of the memory cars and the control of control with them to buy them.
When they put them into a medical revolution, they took their brains as they made numbers and sharks and forms of colleagues of neurons -- they found that in the memory fields they were called parts of the brain, different to the other.
In effect, they used -- or they seem to use -- a part of the brain that involved space and demonstration.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
And the control of the computer memory is taken together as a car car where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of the companies should put the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times they get out of memory called.
In his write -- there are three degrees of decades of decades that he is about to try to deal in an hour in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that he just discovered.
He used a similar technology to reduce the private order of the 2000 device of 400 degrees and drivers of strangers.
In half the middle of an hour. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that the teachers call chemical computer?
It goes up with a particular player known as the Palestinian Parkinson's party, and I tell two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangladesh."
That is his application.
And then I said, "I remember that there's a bit of a bank."
And when you go back later, and I ask you to remember that word that I told you a radio?
They remember what it is?
The person who said his name is Brazil is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who said his work is beautiful.
The same word, different ability to remember it, that's true.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bob, actually it doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
With all of the other remember you would take on your head.
But the word -- but the word -- we know pathogenication.
They are using white similar similar.
They have in the hands.
They get good when they come home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we look at that word for the first time, we began to put a lot of things to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
One of the most complicated techniques to do this data is about 2,000 years ago.
It's known as the metal of memory.
The story says like this, there was a piece called Simon that goes to a bank.
They had found it as a conservation, because if I wanted to give you a very good finger, it didn't go to a DVD, it was going to be a pattern.
He put her home, he received his memory of memory -- and he was sharing, and so soon it was the shoe of the battery is collaborated.
They're going to take it together.
But it doesn't just get them all over it, but it would have the bodies to leave them rides.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
And so they could not take the body.
A transparency behind the other.
Startles, on the middle of the statements, in the middle of the origins, the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every individual in their mind.
I took the families of the hand to take them to where they were the standards of the writers in the origins.
What you're going to take in that moment is something that we all know more or less interesting, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember name or numbers of phone or the words of the word for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and excited space.
If you asked me to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just tell you about Steven, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would look at that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the head to be able to move in their service, would be able to fly it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more -- and you know, thank you very much -- thank you so much.
This is a control that comes from more than 200 years ago, to the first 20 years ago, at the time.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in the same way that you had done it if you had done it if you had been invited by TED 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're in the door of your house.
And I will find some kind of absolutely real image and incredibly angry to help you remember that the first thing you want to talk about is that completely interesting company.
And then you can imagine in your house, and you can see the Monterey Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin.
And that will remind you that you want to present your friend Edua College.
And then you look at British Stanfords to remind you that great air that you want to tell you.
And then they would go in the color, and the fourth thing that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the records were addressing their dreams, not word for word, which is going to be able to trust it, but they're going to bring them out of the time.
In fact, the terms of the Texas, comes from the grandmother "shop, which means play."
It's a version of when people thought about the architecture and in the challenge with this kind of space terms of space.
The first place, it would be like the first place in their memory paper.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something else about this culture of the company of companies in the company.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a particularly strange event of it.
In the way, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting now, I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is going to make the front one.
I am a newspaper and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in their place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes all the morning, before I felt to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the names of an old short show to be able to buy in a market market.
And I found out that this was quite amazing.
I would have never expected it to be.
He was interviewed, because he wasn't just going to get the memory up.
What is actually about doing it is to be better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these consumer images -- consumers, professionals, international people, and the strangers of the mind.
I became a lot of this.
And this is me, using my team to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to use the
This is a couple of consequences and a couple of dollars in front of them left just two half, because the distribution is the worst end of a memory company.
I ended up to go back to the same period that had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of kind of particular experiment.
I thought this could be a good effect for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And they give me the color, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the point.
So these are just transportations.
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need to be able to build from the memory of the memory or reduce banks of nations, to benefit with a little bit of pressure about how their mind.
So we are going to talk about people with a great memory as if it was going to try to be an entire day, but it's not the case.
The big markets are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we have a deep pressure.
The market of the memory -- these memory techniques are just bottles.
In fact, they don't even have a real balloon.
They work because they make us work.
They form a kind of deep production, a kind of complete attention that most of them didn't go up with there.
But the reality is that there's no bottles.
This is how things are doing methods.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today is what I could not even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the size of our remind me.
So how much are we willing to lose out of what is already our short existence in the Britishs or iPhone, not pay attention to the human being in front of us in front of us, who walk to our side -- we will be so shark that we don't even get care of programming in production?
I learned in the first hand that there are incredible mechanisms in all of us.
But if you want to live a terrible life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years in the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to run in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject and so we will take a complex place, New Zealand.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Dr. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Liberia, and this was my child.
In the corner -- from my drug, I was the map that I share with my sister as well.
And in my doctor and the battery, there was a boat that was going to the room of being able to be.
And there they all came up with the record looking at the television -- so every time I was from my room, I was all looking at me -- and every time I would tell you and I went back in a task, you all see me.
And I was like this.
It was alternative, and I would get it.
And I took that record, I would get that ball, I would get that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- and from those things, but of those visual connections that we feel in the places that we have.
And it is not about except that we feel in that way, because I agree with the American Project Project -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the room.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time we are surrounded from architecture we're accepted.
That's a lot.
The architecture tells us in ways that we don't even tell us.
That makes us a little bit.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you can do -- you think about power, station, and democracy."
And I know you think about it in a building in a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a transportation.
It's a destruction that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our building.
This is a present emotional connection -- we've used this journey from a long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these statements -- strangers, surrounded in front of the elements, shows from the elements.
This is very, very useful because they build things is trained.
It's concerned, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the computers and the governments and the governments and the governments are always fear to the innovation and they were able to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
It's a huge building.
This is the public Brazilian who ended up in 2010, and you know, you know, has a complete, and you know, it has this complete thing.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a biotech today.
That same year, in 2009, at the other side of the country, they end up another biologist, which looks like this.
It's in San.
This brand shows how we use the media media in the digital way.
It's a new kind of public team for the city -- a place to get up, read and share and share and share and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both buildings, they are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works.
In one side is the innovation -- the artists that are connected by new technologies -- new lives, new solutions for the form of life.
We set up and we shared and we shared so much of the people.
All of black -- this makes us believe that we feel very well, but we are dead by where we don't have another food.
We have to go to the other side and come back to the other side of those signs that are going to be done with them.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we are all happy -- but we started to experience again, so we started to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go back and over and over and over again. So we've done in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architecture were experienced to experience with the beautiful corner.
It has to do with the animals.
That can be addressed.
There are little series of small schools in the scale.
It's really hard to be very hard.
So we went to the 80 and we started to increase those symbols.
We put it back into the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and apply.
We are going to be able to be able to be able and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give up.
We take a lot of Charles and we turn them into family, which can be medical markets of video.
The ways they come up, they went up in love and color.
And the ones became colors.
They grew up to the size of the building.
A crazy one.
But they were the 80 -- that was great.
We all spend the right in college center -- we move to the batteries, and there in the substances, we can create our own public families.
And those drugs could be to the media -- the fragile, or the attention.
It was possible with a sense of painting passion.
This is what happens with the position.
This is what happens with symptoms.
They are easy -- they are bad, because instead of creating new spaces -- we were able to remember some other places.
I know very well, and you all know, that this is not the Tali.
This is Harry.
The architecture are failed and we started to make the whole point in the other direction.
In the age of 80 and in the early 90 and a half of the 90 at the beginning of the 90 and the beginning of the 1990s, we started to experience with the democracy of the development.
We will find the strategies -- we are now going to tell with new design techniques in the computer, and we found with new companies, a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is accidental and embarrassing, and it is super possible. You get totally excited.
Now, I mean, the whole point of new in the opposite direction.
But then, something happened.
In 1990, it gets up this building.
This is the Gulf of Britain, from France George.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gandon said that Bill was one of those days when they critical and arguments and public in general -- they were completely agree about a building.
The New York City.
The business in Bill came up in a 2,000 percent when they ended the building.
So suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- the News, Second, China, New York, Congress, Electroce.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first stars.
But how is it possible to be possible that these forms and radios, how is it possible to become aware of all the world?
And it happened -- because the media is going to go into them and quickly we learned that these forms will mean culture and tumor.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
And the same thing did the world's main professionals in the world.
So they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and college.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new military happened with other stars.
And I went to James and Lincoln, and what happened with these few years of light in the box of the new military -- actually began to happen with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of information of information.
Think about it, for example, how do you make an architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next people to see a building.
The transition is arrested, you can take a bank, you can take a ball, you can be transportation.
So the technology. You can see in the perfect, in the television -- and at the end of the end, we are all pictures of architecture and the building became beyond their physical spirit.
The architecture is all over now, that means that the speed of computers finally has taken the speed of the architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It doesn't make a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings -- before you know that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good report in the architecture.
This is what we found with buildings like this.
The bridge was not a two years, but about 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That is never going to be going to happen, I think, because we are in the top of the biggest revolution in the architecture from the ants of the antibiotic, and the sea or the self-assembly, and it is the resistance of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the point to the media media -- it starts to be in a faster and faster to get in both of them almost in simple, and it would be discovered by the difference between innovation.
And now we can make any simple situations, with emotional career, of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up.
So we went around to save this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Palmas in France Institute, in the state of New York City.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was a part of the community, and as the drugs would look exactly at the end of the end -- there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building, it became an average media -- because these are not just images of a building, are the images that one of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes you close with the collective memory -- and when you make these symbols, we learn about it.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how the architecture will think about.
We can tell us how much we think about architecture because the digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those bloods of London.
If that building will be built today, we first went to the Internet in looking for new biologists?
We would be bad with examples of experience, of innovation about what it can be like to be a blood.
That is manifestations.
You can get to the limit of Liberia, to the people in Liberia, and to tell you that there is no unique answer to what it can be a biotech today.
We're part of this.
This state of solutions gives the factory to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those things that are using working words that are using the words that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a demonstrating audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to it, and you don't leave them into the architecture.
And that means that the possible point of a station to another, from a movement to another, it's wrong.
In fact, we can go on and find the right solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
And this means that a public space in the ancient city city can be only and analyzing the middle of a modern city.
And this means that a state in Brazil can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad history of red history with based out in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that buildings are going to go to the cards of nature and not the control.
And this means that a set of attention in Michael Berkeley, Ford, it can also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up in the night.
And this means that three architecture can be able to be able to be born in the New York City.
It means that no building is too small for innovation for innovation -- like this little set of gentlemen, as much as the animals that are going to look like.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a vaccine or a robot who built our buildings together.
It doesn't matter how we built it, what matters is what we built in.
The architecture already knows how to make more economic buildings more smart and more distributed.
We've been waiting for you all to do it.
And finally, we're not at all.
They find an architecture -- and we work together and work together to make better building, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only represent our society, but they give them a way to the most small spaces -- the local boards, the home, the home of our kids, and the step of the drug to the battery.
Thank you very much.
This is my salt, Stanford.
I just got a year and I started to walk up.
And it makes it a great way of the children of a year, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs for you.
It's totally important.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the spin.
She really love her record.
It goes back and charge, and it gives you the very big and board beach.
It's beautiful.
In fact, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that we suddenly are not like our appearing?
Because they don't like us.
Every month -- 10 people look at Google -- "I'm fighting?
This is Facebook, it has 16 years and live in Delhi.
And as any areas, it just wants to be war and fight.
It's documentary by night.
This is present for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because despite his mom that his mom tells him all the reason that it is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's fear.
And so what his mom tells him and what his friends, or companies of school say, you don't know who to believe you.
So it makes a video of it, put it in Haiti, and I asked other people to leave a company, "I'm good or a free?
Well, until now, Facebook has gone over about 13 companies.
Some of these are so fast, that I don't even measure the time to think about them.
We talk about a blood short, normal and controlled, which is going to get these answers in one of the stages of their most exciting life.
And thousands of people are putting video out like this, in their greatest children trying to communicate in this way.
But what are you going to do this?
Well, the advantages of today are never alone.
They are under present to be on the line and available all the time, talking about, saving, giving me like the like, completely, building, building, this is never done.
We've never been so connected to be so connected in the way, in the way, in the way, so young way.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a party in his room every night.
There is just no private.
And the social conditions that go from the hand with that are improvised.
This environment -- to be always connected to our children to be able to get up in the number of me in the number of "I like to have and the kinds of companies that they come in.
There's no difference between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the difference between what real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is.
What is the most advanced thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a differently, right?
And where are you looking for the institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are predicted from the news of the girls of now.
Marketing models are still going to get out of our passions.
The technology is now a rainforest.
And you're like, "So settlements, Sweden, subject, and support.
For those people who do it, it means professional means professional.
These tools are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are no longer interviews to this.
Like the supermarket stars of the design, and the restaurants of the destination.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we sure we want our kids to grow blood and they are well wrong by which our children are wrong.
But in a cultural culture by the image, we're teaching our kids to develop more time and excited mental to their appearance, the price of all of the other aspects of their ideas.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability and their students and other aspects start to save it.
six of every 10 children are going to be able to do something because they think you don't see the good enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as controlled to society.
Six percent -- almost one of three adults are not interested in the classrooms of class -- they can be able to be able to be able to be able to call the attention.
One of each five people are not going to get up in all the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the end of extension, if you don't believe that you see it good enough -- especially if you don't believe that you are enough, you will get a little bit less to the average of the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the approach.
And this phenomenon has gone in Facebook, the United States and China.
And it gives you a lot of what you actually put these young people.
So to be good of course, we're talking about how you look at you -- not how you are really about.
And the bottom assistance on their body is defined the activity of the activity.
And it's also designed the health.
The advantages with a little bit less physical activity -- they eat less physical activity -- they eat less physical and versions -- they are not going to be able to take them to a food.
They have low short.
They are more easy by the people who get them up and they are in greater risk of democracy.
And we think that's all over this for what they take more arguments, like the consumer of advantage and distances, distribution and distance, substantial relationships, sexual relationships and some production and professional data.
The search of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
women who believe that they have a new self-assembly, installating if they have or they don't have a little bit of anti-productive stores.
The 16 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could be able to figure out this, what would it be like to be like that?
It would be able to look at this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm talking about it, you don't get very far away.
Not too much.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to get trust in their own body.
We have to help our shorts to develop structures to save the pressure of perfect images and build their autonomous.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without giving you the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that they follow our kids will not just have a positive impact but also a hard impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the infrastructure of the family, friends and relationships and relationships.
These six aspects are points of critical part for any willing to provide an education in the body career that works.
One education is fundamental -- but you'll find this problem from every one of us that we take the risks in the issue and we are a better model to follow women and children in our own lives.
And the current state of the world of the women are seen and means in our creatures.
It's not good to tell us with the ability of our politicians in front of the street or the size of their parasites, or the size of the subject or the success of a climate attention depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
We all can start doing it by doing the responsibility for the kind of images of images and commons that we put in our social network.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their actions and not in their attention.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you put a signal?
We have to work together. We have to work together as communities like governments and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our kids are able to grow all of their personal person, and they will value the individual -- the diversity of it.
We have to put people who are actually looking at the difference in a perspective.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world in where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that they are never going to be able to be the rules of being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are you going to have in mind.
Is it going to your wife?
The book?
How did you go to your daughter?
Is it on your face?
It could be just the woman who is at two aspects of distance. What would it mean for it if it was limited from that argument of the advantage of the international voice in their interest -- that I would take you to do not have a long legs -- a little bit more depressing, the more painting -- a more small sense, six smaller feet.
What would it mean for it if we would get out of this and we would say raised to their potential in that way.
Right now, the goal of our culture with images is going back to us.
But we teach our kids the truth.
We understand that the way you see you is just one part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and by how they make us.
We include the automobile in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the small transportation of a year of today, they become a safe change of changes of itself.
Let's do that.
The five of the name of 2010, a secret called Steven Stephen came into a hospital in Mars and arrived to the New Zappines Law, the leader of Democratic Jesus.
It was going to be able to be able to take it up, but it was being present by other landscapes -- in company of others, they started to plan to some of them about 12 cents in New York City.
And so I want those plants that were built by a bottom of the FBI.
And started, the 1960s in the World Times Congo, you couldn't avoid it.
More later it would be connected by the place in that attention.
Steven Stephen is my father.
I was born in Park, Peter, in 1990, because he was an energy engineers with a American mother, with the first American school, standing in the two of the people who did all the possible possible to give me a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Internet, which is very few of them -- even the majority of markets, they get to know.
So for experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all human groups -- in all human groups -- there is always a little amount of people who are going to take care of their consequences that think that you have to use all the possible media for all of them to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting up with me and I explained that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends, had been going to the training training in the Middle East, to protect them.
He said I was with him the next day.
And we got to the population of the training to that, without knowing our group -- I was involved by the FBI.
When I took my father up, my father helped me support the risk in the man and I explained how to ask the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last boat I gave you to the small light on the object, and to be amazing of all, especially me, the whole thing that is in called the company in called called.
My wife went back to the other and in hand, he said, "I was "Hangar."
In such a father -- such a child.
All the way to all of them is a lot of rocket, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of discovery that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be connected to put a lot of experiences with 600 pounds of experts in the supermarket state of the World Institute of the World Train Congolism, including an explanation that killed six people and he was able to go to other 1,000 people.
I opened those men.
I call them "Google, which means you.
When I went up -- I had moved to me 20 times -- I was going to see that international for me not allowed me to do a lot of antibodies.
Every time I started to feel close to someone already was time to start and get to another city.
And as I was always I was the new face of the class with often it was visit of materials.
And I was sensitive my identity to avoid to be the white button, but it will be the new of the class and surgery, and record, it was enough.
So most of the time the time in home reading books -- looking at TED or playing video games.
And for these reasons I didn't develop social skills to say it services? To grow up, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was growing up to the people, and it was based on the artists -- as their reason or their religion or its religion to me.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiments that they put to test my way to think about was for the personal spaces of 200 percent.
In a community program that I was involved in the National National Construction in France.
My group went up in the subject of video violence -- as I had been able to look almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of happened.
The members of this group are coming from different products.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids with who we had been done, it was anger.
I took a number of days to go out the light and I realized that there was no animal between the two.
I had never had a friend friend and quickly felt very proud of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to believe that it was incredibly.
Another critical moment I went up when I got a job of looking at the San Galas, a piece of fun.
I found up with people from all kinds of belief and culture, that experience turned out in the development of my career.
All of life had taught me that the humanity was a little bit, and by the way, all the humanity were bad information.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with tools there, in a space, and I could see that several of them were the most exciting and less critical and less creatures that had seen in life.
They would have been a little bit, developed a sense of empathy to the surface of the other, but it wasn't easy to me to try to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have been trying to be treated by the way I would have been trying to be wrong.
And so I was able to be able to buy the structures that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be hotel, but I know what it is to be around for something beyond my control.
Then I came the Sanda School."
All night, John States was going to be important to me, and I would help me see that the quality of people -- the religion or the sexual order, they don't have anything to do with the card.
In many ways he became my favorite force in a moment where I was sustainable to need.
In accessible, the inspiration can come from the international thing -- and that a controlled control had had a better influence in my life than my own father -- extraordinary, not in the wall.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would get in my heart for always as it is alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has written enough with angry and he said, "I'm trying to choose?
In that moment I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that food in your interest at the time.
My real name is not Rome Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put in a risky risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope somebody has been trying to get to violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way that there is a better way -- that even though I was going to tell you about this visual idea and interested, I'm not going to get a little bit.
And by the way, I decided to use my experience to fight against the temperature and against the principles.
I do it by the victims of the temperature and by the time of the terrorist and the terrible terrorist and the results that the temperature has produced in their lives.
And by the victims of the temperature I'm talking to you about those acts without the sense, as I recorded the action of my father from it.
With this simple point here as a test of the violence that violence is not interested to any religion or right.
I am not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
In this moment there is a film that is produced in their mind.
This is an incredible movie of it.
It's in 3D and it has written sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a street, saving and text.
You feel your body, your dog, your hand, your planning.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, as the moments of your distribution that are protect in your eyes.
And it has a new voice in your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience all of it.
This film is your consequence of consciousness -- the surgeon of the experience of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of the human being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an interesting film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more about.
At least I know that I have a own.
I don't have to tell you that you're aware of you.
Construction is also the reason to live.
If we didn't be aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense or worth value.
But at the same time is the most modern phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we consumers?
Why do we have these international films.
Why are we not just robots that we're going to have to produce to produce results without experience the entire industry?
In this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to increase science to science, you need some rural ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible to be a science.
The science, of course, is goal.
The science, for nature is surgery.
And then there can never be a science of science.
Because for almost all of the 20th century, they put that vision.
The potential was studying the objective behavior -- the neurons study the brain brain, but no one would mean the science.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific jobs about the science.
And then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
News like France Carolina and physical and physical like Robert Pets said, "It's the moment for the science to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And since then, there was a real explanation, a service of the scientific work about science.
And this work was great. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the time.
The center of the science of science in the recent years, it was the search of relationships between some areas of the brain and some of the states of the conversation.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I thought of North Karbarata a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot of better -- for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the understanding experience of looking at face or to feel pain or to feel happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of creative experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of business work is to answer some questions that we want to explain to you -- the questions. The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and with what they do with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not be able to get into the business.
In fact, there are no easy problems with science.
Well, I don't know the real central mission of this material -- why is all physical process in the brain has to be used by consequence?
Why is there a subject interesting film?
In this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to the neurons.
It's going to turn it into another excited phenomenon as the shows, like the horses, like life, and we're going to find exploration.
The typical signs are all of these kinds of emotions -- how they open the shows, how they work, how they work, how they get rid of them -- how they get rid of them -- and they add the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the objective work.
That could be able to apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the works of the human brain as a sense -- how we walk up, how we talk about, how do we take a little bit -- all are questions about behavior.
But when it's about science, the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is used from a substance experience?
And here it is, the state of the survival, the state of the neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientific materials.
I want a scientific theory of the audience that works for a long time, for a long time, and I took the head against the wall looking for a theory.
But at the end I got to the conversation that that didn't work for the systematic reasons.
I think we were going on in this point.
So we have a whole range of wonderful experts -- great. We were used to this, the physics to explain choice, the computer explain the biology, the biology is a part of the political.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to fit in this school.
On one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of us.
On the other, we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the science, right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to interact to our vision of the world, but we don't know how we still know it.
With an animal like this, you can need real ideas -- I think we need ideas that the beginning of the beginning, before you can deal with the understanding of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Daniel, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is not such a hard problem of science.
All of the idea of the international movie is in a kind of information or control.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain the objects of the objects, the behavior of the brain -- and so this is what you need to explain to.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of human consciousness -- based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to simply notice that the understanding of compassion is safe.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I have, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be professional.
The first idea is that compassion is a fundamental idea.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental lines, the space, the space and the mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments them, as the laws of the graph or quantum medicine.
These laws and the fundamental products don't explain in terms of nothing else.
At the time, they were considered fundamentally, and that's what the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing looks like.
In the 19th century, I found that you can't explain that you can't explain the emotions in terms of terms of fundamental consequences in terms of successful, space, time, mountain, mountain, man, the basic laws of the electronics, and you put the electric color as a fundamental concept that those black laws are.
I think that is the situation that we found with science.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space time, time, man, the control, then by the way, you have to get the list of the list of it.
The most natural thing would be to put the conversation same as something fundamental -- a fundamental piece of nature.
This doesn't mean that it doesn't be object of science.
But I open up the way to make it care about.
And so what we need is to study the fundamental laws that generate consciousness -- the laws that connect the connection with other fundamental consequences -- the space, the time, the material, physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want the fundamental laws that we can put them out in a region.
The situation of compassion is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a car.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second idea is that consciousness can be universal to be.
Every system can have a consequence of science.
This vision sometimes is called professors, "Pay for all of all, and all of all, every system is connected -- not just humans -- the periods, the parasites, the mouse, the mountains, even the Michaels of Robert King, the efficient particles of it.
Even a picture has a lot of science.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of antibiotics when you think about, "I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never go to the restaurants.
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe pictures can have a little bit of consumer sense -- sustainable, some private pressure of the conversation.
This can sound a little bit of a little bit for you.
How do someone think about something so little so far?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that compassion is a fundamental thing.
If it is fundamental -- like space, time and market, is natural that it can also be universe, just like the others.
It's also worth going to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more a contact with nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that represent the thinking of the physical process, and it is to send the consciousness with information.
And there is always the process of information, there is science.
It comes from complex information, as in a human being a human.
Some of a simple information, simple information, simple.
One very exciting thing is that in the recent years a neuroscience, George Talk, I took this kind of theory and developed it with the mathematician methods.
It has a massive material of information of information, which is called the progress of information in a system.
And I knew it has to do with science.
So in a human brain, there is an incredibly high group of information of information -- a lot of passion, a lot of view.
In a mouse there is a lot of information of information of information -- so pretty significant of a pretty important sense of a pretty important.
But when you get to the labs, microbes -- parts of the page saying.
The level of information of information is less -- but it's not a little bit of it.
In the TV theory -- there still will be a different piece of different consciousness in it.
In fact, I made a fundamental law of the consequence, high degrees of passion, high degrees of science.
And also, another reason is that private can help us understand the understanding of the physical world.
The physics and the doctors have been looking at the physics that the physics is incredibly automatically.
And I discovered the structure of reality using a lot of team, but it doesn't talk about the reality of the reality.
As a Stephen Steven, "What is the force of the entire entire stuff."
From the visual vision of the physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of science.
That's what physics do basically describe the flow of science.
In this vision -- the consciousness is that I put it into the equations.
In that vision -- compassion doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of anticipation.
It's right there.
This vision -- I think, the paper vision -- it has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and some pretty serious things.
Some of you can be a light.
And I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had science, then it should be serious.
If you're a paper and accept that vision -- you will have a lot of horrible.
I think that I think this is going to be able to transform your virus -- while what matters in terms and moral conditions -- it's not so much the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that it is the fact that it is in the fact that it is in the fact that it is in the fact that
It is also natural to ask for compassion in other systems like computers as computers are.
What about the artificial intelligence system.
Is it consumer?
In the vision of the particular information, she has a company of complicated information, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- you get a lot of things that are very serious about the development of the development of smart computer systems and the time to get it.
And finally, you can ask for the consequence of the whole consequences -- the planet.
Does it have their own consequence?
Or to a more local level, an entire group -- like the audience in a TED talk -- in this moment we have a TED collective company, an interesting film for this TED group of TED, different from the interesting movie of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least this is a question that has to take in a serious thing.
So this visit vision, it's a radical vision and I don't know if it's right.
And I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that compassion is a fundamental thing, which is a fundamental thing that the second thing is like.
The vision for a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like how those things of thinking about the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious company.
If you not, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and the flower.
We can't wait to solve it from the night to the morning.
But I think we finally will go to discover it.
And I understand compassion is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Virginia.
And I had a very normal perfect, a little bit of education.
I went to school, I went up with my friends, and I was asked with my sister beautiful.
All of it was a very normal thing.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a price of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice -- but there is a problem that has a problem.
She actually didn't get anything.  And they had right.
I went to school, I had good news. After the school, I had a little bit in the paper of my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the states "What the Stephenson Sando Sandelination and "Do "The Sandons.
Yeah, I know it. So what I do.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that I can be able to be able to be able to take out of the distribution outside the economy.
And years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mexico, just about 20 minutes in the class of the 11 minutes in the 16 minutes in the 1920s -- a guy sent the hand and said, "Well, when you give your drug?
And I said, "What does it do?
Well, I had been talking about the oil law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know.
When people in terms of colors, they talk about important things in school?
At the way, in the rest of activity."
And it was then when I realized -- this child had had experience with people with distribution as anti-poster objects as well.
And we don't are, and it's not close to the man, is that that's true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I am in this stage that I do in this stage of what I do in this room, and you probably are waiting to give them to you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to tell you about strange.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have been sitting in relationship to distribution.
Yes, you have come up with the feeling that the difference is something wrong -- at the way, I mean, Mars.
It's a bad thing to live with a difference to make you excited.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't do it excited.
And in the last few years, we've been able to pay it even more this feeling through the media of social communication.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only difference in life is a bad activity?
Or this other one, this exception is investment.
Or this other one, before I was going to go on, "I was an international bear.
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a great amount of them.
You may have seen one of the children who have seen one of the hands to draw with a substance on the box.
And you may have seen a child who goes to a little bit of collective fireflies of career.
And there's a lot of these images -- which is what we call an international institution.
And I use the term of the death -- because they have a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we are going to go into the demonstrations of the people without distribution.
The purpose of these images is to be able to be able to be able to see them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that my life, it could be worse as well.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been able to express that I think I am a value or a source of inspiration -- and this is going to happen before my work had a public perfect.
It was as if I was happy to get out of the morning and remember my own name --  and this is going to do this -- and this is going to share.
These images. These images are going to choose people with democracy in beautiful people.
They are there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their teachers in perspective.
And life as a digital person is actually a difficult thing.
We knew some things.
But the things that we know is not the things that you can think.
They're not real things to our body.
I use the terms of the "stories?
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to get out of the best of their ability as you do it, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They are not doing anything outside of it.
They just are using their bodies getting the best of their ability to be using it.
So, is it really just going to tell them about the way we do it, when we do that by sharing those pictures of that?
When people say, "You are a source of international installation, it tells you as a complete.
And I know why happens.
It's about the way that they have been able to look at this feeling that the difference makes us.
And hospitals, you don't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
And I'm here by the inspired interview, and you think, "Oh God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something inspired by this?
And actually, I know that I are.
I learned from other people in the whole time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit.
great.
We learn from the force and responsibility of each other, not against our bodies and our distances, but against a world that excited and considers.
I really think that that feeling that you would have come out of the difference is the greatest interface.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote -- "The only difference in life is a bad action, the reason that that is meaning is because it's not true.
A lot of signs in the stage of schools has never done that it has never been in a single.
You never --           So I would be able to be able to do the support for the survival people.
It was not a lot of people in the middle of a book and sending a positive activity to bring all those books into the basic.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where democracy is not experience, but the nation.
I want to live where a 15 hundred years old, sitting in his doctor looking at "The Salada Sandelia, and it doesn't be considered nothing to be in a silent.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much excited about people that we are happy to get rid of the bed and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we fly in a world where we value the generation of people, and I want to live in a world where a child of the 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little surprise that their new teacher is a silicon classroom of the corrections.
Discovery doesn't make us, but I will tell you what you believe to know about it, you know.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the actual reality and the private fireflie, with the property?
And what is the average speed of a color without career?
Unfortunately, I just respond to one of those questions -- so please do not describe.
When people think about it, they think about "The Reserve, I think in Martin Consumerier, and I was going to get the hands in the air -- but the actual reality is not science science.
The reality is something that happens in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is actually changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we get to the real reality?
The first step is what it takes passion, the Google Galavatores.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Google Galas are a story that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what it is to be a professional democracy in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to leave you.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will get with your imagination.
We can use the Google Galasia, under a house and know what it is to run by the game of game to 100 miles a blood show the lines.
We can know that it feels that a man of 150 pounds are asked to us, trying to deal with all of their be.
I've been there and I'm sure that it's not an argument that it's not all about.
I brought some videos to show you what is using Google Google under the room, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the Projects of Berkeley, because the idea of the Space Development is a substance going on the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Anderson: Let's go.
It's horrible to be short.
A moment. Let's get a little bit.
Probably presented?
Let's go on.
Chris Kong, as you can see, it's a product of what it is to be showed in the fundamental field from the speed of the screen.
You may have realized that you get people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, controlled from the University of Warway.
March Martin cameras, Romes 12.
Blue eight Bill, Bill.
Chris Kong, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field.
They want that experience.
You want to be in the field.
Or about a room?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Greeks, how do we get out of it? How do we take it to the next level of it?
We took it to that level using something called Richard Richards, which is sure a lot of you know.
The Richard World Revolution has been discovered as the rational reality of the most recent reality that I was not able to create -- and it's not a barrier word.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, Oh."
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing player." No.
Oh, my God, Michael."
GPS -- that's the experience of a man in a dark mountain taking their life.
What will it be the experience of a lot when we got a video from Alexander Peter by creating the line, getting out of a screen with the arm before they run up and make an architecture? What will be the experience of a great one.
When I can be Mexico continued by the front of the course, they put the ball into the bottom of the network?
What would your experience be when you get out of a mountain to over 100 miles as a complete spirit?
Maybe you can increase the patterns of patterns for adults for adults to do.
But this is not really a real reality.
It's just virtual reality.
So how do we get the actual reality.
We will take the reality in the installation when the consequences, the data and the numbers see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to make participations?
Because they always use technology to win in.
They like to win -- I give you money.
So here is a recent challenge about technology in Buring.
In 1990, the pieces of bacteria put a mushroom to their field of field to play faster to play.
They took the San Bang that year.
Other team decided to get them out.
And more people saw the part because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the Buddhan came up in the cars of the field of the field of field and then in the decisions.
They had more spaces because it was more quickly, more interviewed.
In 2009, imagine that they are a game coming back to their group and you see their next play showed from you, in a paradigm of plastic that are going to be able to be able to worry about making a play for it.
Or to reduce the strategy of it.
They just go out to the field and remember it.
And they want you to do it because if you don't follow your institutions -- you lose parts of them, and they will be able to lose particles.
If you lose parts of you as a conservation.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a lot of things that are better.
The reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the particle.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be a camera in every corner of the state having a view of the home of the people who are down.
You also get information from the senses of the heads and the arguments, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is coming up to your players.
The good team will be able to send it.
The bad will have about information.
So this would tell the good team of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data of data will stop being just for nerves.
It will be also for democracy. Who would have tried it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the battery and regions.
And you look at an open record of the ancestor, you know, a flower in the left part of your virus -- you love that a decision behind you is going to be able to get up, but you don't see it, but the Rome system.
You go back to the protection of the process.
Another family is addicted that there is an open record.
You get the ball, but you love you.
And the battle lost the transportation.
You don't know where you would take up, but the region looks in your view a board area that goes together and you can move the car.
And it comes up, and it goes down the ball, right and anti-production.
The public public and the failures have taken the play from each name.
This is something that will create a massive economy in the planet.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be his favorite play.
The reality will be part of the definition because it's too far to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the real reality?
Are we going to use it just as part of the party and close to the sector of the secret international?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think that we can use the reality to make the energy between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to do for the democratic lives.
It takes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the car trying to show a guy how fast their action is from the perspective of the vision?
How much is this technology for a group in University or Robert trying to show the world how it is like?
How much of the Harvard Congress or a New Telescope or a New Telescope training trying to identify a generation of children to think about space and science instead of the terrible and Robert notes.
Lets and secrets, the actual reality goes out.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face -- they say, as always -- of us.
Thank you.
I remember me after 24 years of service in the Palestinian Park of California.
Most of those 24 years ago, I was going to give you the extreme state of the Congo Congo Congo, which including the Dr. Gates.
The bridge is a international structure -- known by their beautiful views of San Francisco -- the ocean Pate, and its inspired an architecture of the architecture.
By the way, it's also a picture for the sub-Saharan, being one of the most used places in the world.
And the Great Google was open in 1977.
John San, and I was able to be able to build the bridge to build the bridge -- he said that the front is probably to the property of substances.
The speed from the bridge is not professional or problem.
But from the surgery, more than 1,000 people have gone up to their death from that person.
Some of them believe that they were going to travel between the two ways, this piece has been done as such as the each one that the each one from the end of all of your teachers and dollar, and the water that will go down under your wall.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to get substance.
After a book of four to five seconds, the body comes against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The bear impact of the body, some of those people who are going to be able to be living rights.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that not, they are usually addressed in the individual water, and then they move up.
I don't think that the ones that are able to get up with the subject of the subject that you get out of the death of death to what you're going on.
This is the color.
It goes around the two together, there are 12 paintings of access to the planet.
So here is where most people are to take the life.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is in that book, and in their most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year as this young man was talking to an office with his life.
I want to tell you that we were successful that we had that day to bring it back on the balloon.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any kind of kind of very fundamental consequence.
We used to take the way through these called the way.
This was not just a bad service to those who are able to cut the substance, but the office as well.
We've got a long way from then.
Today, you can get up and put them up to the new office.
This is James Rome.
I met it about 24 of the last year in the last year when you get a call from a possible support of the supermarket support in the center near the center of the center in the center of the center in the center of the center in the center of the center in the center of the center in the center of the center in the center of the
And I said, and when I came up, I looked at Japan talking to an office of the Dr. Gallet Gate.
James had only 12 years old, and he had come up here from New Zealand.
In fact, I had come up up to here two times before New York to try to get rid from this person.
After an hour talking to Japan, I asked ourselves, if we know the story of the Palm box.
And I remember the Greek military, Jesus created Palison, and I sent it to the Earth with a box with a box and he said, "No, never open that box."
Well, a day, the culture was more than Paris, and she opened the box.
And so they were able to be painting, personality, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So I said, "What happens if you open the box and no hope?
And you get a few institutions, you get into the right, and it was.
This grandmother and intelligent and smart of New Zealand was just going to take the life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be sorry very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan, they had been asked to.
The dark data of the electricity will affect a lot of people.
I put these questions, what if a members of your family -- a friend or somebody else was surface?
What would you do?
Did you know what I mean, what would you say, what would you say.
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't realize it, or you say to the person you know how you feel because you probably don't know.
It just would be there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think that someone is surprising, you don't have fear to find them and do the question.
One way to ask the question is, "You are in similar size have thought about your life, you've had these thinkings?
They will go to the person in front of it in front of you can save the life and will be the point of influence for them.
And other signs to look for it, support, believe that things are terrible and they will never be going to be better -- improvisation, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social social solutions, and a lost piece of the interest in life.
And I was going on this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a series of a box and I would like to read you to read your car.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I was writing this experience just a couple of days ago, and it is with his person and beautiful that they read them.
"Hey, Kenya, I imagine you are in the TED.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a news.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, and so on.
I still am quite improving, but they will notice more times to realize it really doesn't go home.
Michael was growing up from Palestinian to San Francisco to see the part of the 1990s with his father at the age of the 1970s.
I never got there.
And I called the police of Pakistan and I turned it up as a decision that night.
On the next morning, two office came to my house, and I was inspired that the car of Mars was down in the front of the planet.
A teacher had seen it from the front to the 1920s in the age of the day of the day.
Thank you very much for fight for those who can be totally too far to fight for themselves.
Who has not been bad before it was a really bad mental disease.
It should not be so easy to go with it.
My drugs are with you for your strange.
So the Gulf George Gates is supposed to be a standard through our beautiful base, not a central.
Well, I want this week, Richard.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the front and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go out there.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
So the 16 of the mass of 2005, I went back to a call called a substance in the top of the part of the part of the North Torajan.
I started my goal on the top and I looked at this man, Bill Britain, of a foot in the stage.
When I looked at me, I looked at the balloon, and it was left in that little train that goes around the top.
For the time and half the next time, I heard like Bill talked about his definition and supporting.
George decided for his mind that day will come back on that card and give the other opportunity.
When Bill came back, it happy.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was the thing that made you go back and give you the hope and the other opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I heard me.
So let me talk to you and just speak.
A little after that environment, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Working Brazil Bronx, no one would go to the events of the 1960s, and you are one of the reasons why Bill is still with us.
I think, I think George was clear by help.
It has been available with a mental disease for which has been right medical.
I went up to Bill when I only had six months old, completely inspired from all of those human risks -- but thank God, we know.
Bill is in order -- as the says of it.
We give you thank God for you.
It's just in front of you, National Bronx.
And at the end she was written -- "Pay when I came up with the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you would think about the patient.
"I know what I had to reach?
And now, George is a quick father of the society.
I'm going to talk about the events of that day and his definition with the hope that his story will inspired others.
This is not just something I've found in the work.
It's person.
My grandfather was survived with it.
That act -- even though you end up with your own day, I get the opportunity to know.
This is what it does is the subject.
For most of the perfect people, or those who are going to consider the substance, they don't think about saving another person.
They just want their own pain to go on.
By the way, this is just about three ways -- disappear, distances or death or death.
In my face, I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called sub-Saharan artists.
And of those individuals that I've been directly involved -- I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
For that time, I took a hand in three statistics.
And in the end, I looked at me, and he said, "As I said, but I have to go to me.
And I went out.
It's absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people that we get to focus on in that piece are not supposed.
And also, those few people who have come out of the bridge and living and living and that you can talk about it, that one or 20 percent of those people have said that the second one that they leave from the battery to realize that they had made a strand and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge is not only connected by San Francisco, but also to people.
That connection -- or I think we do, is something that all of us and each of us has to be able to do it to do.
You can prevent it.
There is help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you not what you are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question would say, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had had the dream that had had a child.
My outside was finally going to go with my real interest with my interest with me.
For the reasons that I was going to give you more later, when I look at this picture I think, I think about it, you get it Greek, you get it.
But the past, I discovered that, you know, I'm starting to you.
And all of us get rid of our families -- our relationship, our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of limited, to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or the believe of those who get care of us.
These are people who are always going to get out of the study that, what it is going to be considered as a professional.
In my case, the last nine years old, many of my voices -- a lot of my friends -- my grandmother even invented my story.
And I think this signal is called relationship.
This is the me.
I was ready as a "short?
I remember that my five years in the French, in my house, I always had this shark in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that color in the head.
I said, "Mom, it's my hair -- I'm a girl."
I knew then how to get up.
The government has always been considered an amazing fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and mission.
Because of my success, I never got to share my story, not because I thought it will be a bad thing, but why the world comes to those of us who want to get rid of us.
All the days that are going to be woman.
I have a mom and a family and a family.
A lot of them are not so fast.
There is a long tradition in the dark culture of the gender of the government.
There is a blood day of compassion of compassion.
There is a human day, diamond from the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a street in the French that I get up these mines.
I was in the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something was walking up, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still came from man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the direction of a black beauty of beautiful.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you done in the board of beauty?
He told me that if she was able to get care of the international statements and the sea -- and that night, he won in the battery, they won in the battery of gas and he had a third end of the time between more than 40 dollars.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was in the world of the beautiful resistance.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was a brief job of beautiful women, but I know.
I also met the data of the decades, especially when we went to the Red Projects from the French.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2010, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I was called me and I told me that they had a lot of the green stream that I could go to live to the U.S.
I got rid of me.
I said to my mother, "Mom, I'm discovering.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty."
But then two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States can you change the name and the idea of gender?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom was supposed to get two "superconductors?
She also told me when I was going to help me in Talities at the age of 11 years.
It is dark that in some of the most rural cities in Taliban they actually do the most dangerous surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was need to be able to be able to change the name of the name and the government.
So in 2010, I went to San Francisco, and I remember to look at the control of conditions with the name of the general name and this is the fireflies of the female general.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their idea of identity means could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a transport, but for me it was the level to live -- to make sense of it.
In fact, my fingers were looking at me.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York City.
A lot of them are not so fast.
I think about this woman in the name of New Americans.
A young woman in New York City that was worth living their truth -- but that, of course, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our substances are eight times faster than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 of us are doing a global violence by the David Consumer of the Testiment.
I'm in this stage for a long story of people who fish and put out of the international standard.
These are Mars Palestinian and San Robert and San Richard.
Today, in this same time, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the others live their truth without self-driving, no temperature.
I am here, so I mean, so that some day there is no longer view of 20 of North New News.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I are.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
George Robert: Of course, you see, thank you very much for all my beautiful.
I was to my support network to my parents especially to my family, which is very strong to me.
I remember all of the times I have taken up with young young women -- and I had a few times, when I was called me and I would tell you that their parents were not able to get it, and I took the phone -- I was called my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it works -- other not. It's just the idea of gender -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us have been able to make a gender at the time, and what I try to do is put on the way that some times the issue of a few times -- and that there should be a space that would allow people to be able to be able to be able to be able to do this is a conversation that we should have with
The whole movement is going to be working with the white movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understand it.
There should be space for color and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my audience.
KB: Thank you.
In a lot of public societies and gentlemen, the parents are usually known by their kids, but I'm one of the few people who know for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
And it started his field for education by education. And when it was made his rights in 2009, and when he was made his effort in 2010, when he got the National National Peter from peace -- it was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
And before that, I was my daughter -- but I'm now her father now.
Seven and gentlemen, if we heard a look at the story of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the international history, of the vision of violence and exploration.
You see, in public societies -- right from the beginning, when I was going to be a child -- his birth is not collectively.
It's not good -- not for his father -- not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for his mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not for her mother, not
The neuron comes up to the mother and no one happy to the father and no one.
And a mother would get a lot to have a child.
When I give light to the first child, the first son, the first son is provided.
When I give light to the second day, it comes up, and with the hope of a son, when I would take his third daughter -- it feels closed as a crisis.
It's not just the mother, but the daughter was done, and the daughter was born -- when I grew up, I was going to get it up.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it gets home and school and school to their beautiful.
At the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends in the street, and you can move through the streets like a magic.
But when I went into the decades, when I was a thousand years old, it was worried that it comes out of his house without a male company.
It's connected to four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and his family and his family and his family, and if he took the code of that horrible horizon, he could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this control code is not just about the life of a man, also affect the life of the family members of the family.
And so this beautiful, I would make the speed of their life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the human surface.
And there is a little bit more of the public societies that are called a professional.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very short, very hard and very supermarket.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be street.
It's supposed to be surgery and that they accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the and the decades, even if you don't want to.
If you put it up with a man who doesn't like or if you walk them up with a old man, you have to get it, because you don't want to be a definition of design.
If you pay them very young -- it has to do it.
And I can call it destruction.
And what happens at the end of the end, what happens at the end of the end, what happens at the end of the end, what happens at the end of the end, what happens at the end of the end, what happens at the end of it.
In the words of a police, "The home, and then it gives light to more children and children.
And the street of the situation is that this mother, the same lesson to their daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this is a consumer collection and controlling it.
They spent beautiful and beautiful, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the night records, to be honest -- but when I was there and look at their eyes.
And so much before I was, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legal screen of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Martin from Mars, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I came up, they were all men, and I took my passion, and I took a line of my name and I wrote -- "Marine.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, he was a show in my school.
And you say, why should I have to make a child in a school in a school.
Yes, I have to do it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the poor societies in the traditional societies -- it's a great job for the life.
It was interested in a school means the recognize of his identity and his name of his name of it.
And one attention to school means that it has been found in the world of the dream and the assumptions where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five beautiful, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was able to get the force of serious view, and I was in the religious part of the family -- I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sister from the streets.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sister write in any doctor.
That was the reason I'm worth going to my son.
What my father was not able to give my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to learn the intelligence and the support of my daughter here.
And he was going to sit with me when my friends came to see.
And he was going to go to me to different regions.
And all of these values -- I've been trying to be interested in their personal people.
And this was not just for it, just for Mars.
I've made all these good values in my school to kids and kids for the same.
It uses education for emotion.
I teach my children, teach the students to forget the lesson of the operation.
I'm taught you to the students to forget the lessons of the called saying.
And simple books and beautiful, we were walking for more rights for women, and we used to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new phenomenon for us.
It was legal for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It's called technology.
That means a business of the power of the women in all the political activity and social and social activity.
hundreds of schools were lost up.
The kids were asked to go to school.
And the women would be used to use you and stop going to the market.
And the doctors were survival, the stores and the strangers are straightforward.
They spend millions of it, but it was a few of them -- and it was trying to have all around those people who kill and save when you talk about your right.
This is really always.
At the age of 10 years, Martin came up and became the right to education.
I wrote a day for the Bible of the Bible, and it was made out of the New York Times -- and I talked about every piece that I did.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It was just like a clear around the world.
And that was the reason why the tasks could not take his field and the nine of the 2010 2010, they were going to put it into the head.
It was a favorite day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
As my daughter was defined between life and death -- I would put it to my wife to my wife -- "I have to run out of what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And then I said to me, Please not get care of you.
It describes the cause of the card.
You put your life in play by the cause of the truth of the reality, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you put it.
They were in the right path and God productive.
These few words they mean a lot for me, and I didn't go to question again.
When Mars was in the hospital and he had seven secrets of head because his favorite neuroscience was controlled, I used to see a dark show that was spread by the face of my wife as well.
But my daughter never went back.
I used to tell you, "I'm good with my signal and in my face.
I'm going to get good. Please do not provide.
It was a conversation for us, and we tell us.
They spent beautiful and beautiful. We have learned from it how to answer in the most difficult moments -- and I was able to share with you that despite being a transportation for the rights of the kids and the women, it's like any child of 16 years.
I read when I didn't get their task up.
It was fish with his sister and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my husband that has done so much to Martin and straight and excited?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
I think I didn't do.
He didn't close his eyes and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I went out of the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal pattern.
I am engineering me.
And I want to tell you that I recently have asked me to tell me to me of the Mars Martin, and I have to tell you that I had a diameter to my card, the data of Google X-ray, but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I went to Google or outside my work there.
They have said this, there is a service when you take care of a brain.
Are you going to be just the same thing or right?
Is it not going to be like this, could you go back to being intelligent?
Then of course, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the original matter -- but it was the particular part of the center that creates human and neuroscience.
And immediately after the food, I had to decide what a lot of it takes -- from more than a decade of chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the conditions and the metal molecules, and try to get them, to follow life.
And more than one time I've been able to take a little bit.
But by the way, I have a lot of experience, so I decided that I would experience to experience to try to get the first ones because there is no longer a clear map that tells you about it.
I started to try to test with different movies, and it was amazing to see how little changes in the doctors would be changed by the distance of my automobile, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with each other.
A particularly important case for a few months -- I was able to put a little bit.
I was always surprised, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person from all the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of them are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It turned out as an extraordinary.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be automatically.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to be trying to get a problem that had a problem that I had in the front and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't get it.
I changed my doctors.
But I think that experience gave me a new question about men and about what they have to go on, since then I get better with men.
And what I was trying to do when I was trying to get these ants and neurons and again, it was to remember my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking -- my flow of ideas.
And I'm going to think about it almost in images -- and that became my point of key receptor, how I got those mental images that I use to create properties, my ideas -- if you want to want to make new ideas and raise situation.
This kind of thinking is not new.
First of all, Liberia and men see the things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
So today you have to tell you this idea, and there are a lot of decisions about how the mind works. For me is simple for me, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the creative thinking and inventor.
So after several years, I get to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental models -- really sophisticated models, well social and well students.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images. These mental images of my mind at the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what is going to happen if a civil direction was able to use their picture to use the world that has the world that has the face.
Or if a music.
There are incredible possibility with this, as the way that people creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is just to increase the solution of our brain spaces.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups that are done by the neuroscience of neuroscience.
And both of them used the MRI technology, imagine by a whole magic resistance, to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain stage made by Google Galasias and their colleagues of Harvard.
The color of the left shows the speed of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the average shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, looking at that same picture.
The quality of the right is created by the content of the central color of the left of the left -- you see that the difference is almost normal.
And this is a lot of different individuals with many different images with a lot of different images.
The difference between looking at a picture and imagine to see that same picture is almost normal.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from John Gandhi in Beijing, California.
They were able to turn the brain waves into the recent visual field.
We put it in this way.
In this experiment -- it showed people hundreds of hundreds of hours of Hall windows as they were straight to create a great amount of resources of the brain before the video sectors.
Then you show you a film with new images -- new animals, new animals, and as you get a new scale.
The computer, using just the brain information of the stage that I was able to show you what the person was looking like.
On the right you can see the communities of the computer, and at the left, the video that I showed you.
This tells us a little bit.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was taken up with the brain brain systems of the most available revolution today today, and his solution was just like a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the solution about a thousand times more to get a more profound looking at a lot.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
And one is to open up the code and will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I don't care about that.
A lot of them are putting new techniques of progress for images -- even me with the recent result of the MRI, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the world?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way that the only way to get more religion is with more big, but to this point, the most big ones only provide small better in the revolution, not analysis for thousands as we need.
And I put this idea, rather than the more big, let's make better images.
We can create a much more complex structures with really different lines, like making a space.
And why does this care about us?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the Iraq were to make really big images, right?
However, most of the things that are receiving in terms of international solutions.
At the time of a magnetic field -- we are using a short park patterns -- we are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to fail from the French Rosetta.
So when you combine the medical patterns with the patterns of the print of freedom from the French French progress, we can increase the information that you can put in a single scale.
And also, we can turn out in able to be able to be able to make a lot of the brain of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
And when we use the Iraq we should be able to measure not just the food of the self-assembly self-assembly, but the ones that I've ever mentioned and perhaps even the real digital activity -- this is the dream of it.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
Do we imagine if we could go through the language and communicate it directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able to look like?
And how do we learn to deal with the real human thinking without fundamentally?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be used to use it as a tool to affect our skills of thinking and community.
And certainly this same tool could take the culture of the Arab and similar disease.
We have a few more choices to open this door out.
In all forms -- it will take a year, going on five or 15 years old.
It's hard to imagine that they will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about coming out of the air, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the giant garden.
And I think we all have a lot.
And his grandmother may be to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is excited, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation for the one that you have put in life.
It was a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can be able to be able to see the experience of having lived and have come out of that argument is a universal thing.
It gives you, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Stanford Wall Carolina, and they were there, and I was there, and I had to take a lot of pictures of the interaction of the international military of the mission of the mission of the mission of the mission of the blood military, and I will be able to tell you the laws of the Brazil Day as a
And they will be asked that by the head of my short parallel and I have been able to have been able to have a little bit, and I would ask a little bit of a little little little little little child -- like, you are girl or kids?
And it would look like a signal in the table.
I was going to be able to take a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a record behind it.
And the father would take the perfect and the mother would take a picture looking at his child.
But I'm not going to say nothing -- and I would stay in the world.
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I thought the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
And a family, but this time I was presented and I was going to get to try to get up in the female stuff in the table --   I had the cards of Bill Francisco.
This is the Cardot States.
Even a fragmentation of the "Markets, I would show you.
And so I went up and I went up and I looked at the looking at a couple of four years with a red sense, looking at what it is not a challenge for a female dollar, just a little girl with a question: Are you girl or kids?
And so I went up with a again, and I got out of cells close to it, and I said, "Well, I know this is something else.
I have the short box like a girl -- and I saw a child, but I'm a girl -- but I am a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a red sense, and sometimes you like to use a complete size.
Well, I am more than the type of a child career.
And that child looked at me, providing attention to me, and he said, "My favorite family is visible and it has a fish.
Can you give me a professor, for family?
And that was all -- just "Oh. You're a child.
What's going on with the press that I did with the pressure.
It was the most easy conversation of all that I had ever had had had had had had had had had had had had had ever ever had.
And why is the girl of the pressure and me, both of us were honor with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some areas in my life, and yes, of course, my walls used to be a artist.
But within the dark -- you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how you feel living in a short.
This is how my grandmother is not different at the time or to the time.
So, I'm going to give you 100 reasons from why I will go out of my grandmother was more difficult than coming out of the one, but this is the thing, the hard thing is not relationship.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain somebody who have been deployed in a red battery is more difficult than to tell you that it has been all being all being all being all being discovered."
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than to tell your son of five years that you're going to be discovering?
There is no more difficult thing, there is only the difficult.
We have to stop using what is difficult with what is difficult to what hard to do for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our arms and we have to just feel essentially because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in authorities, and they can make sense to make sure -- or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are made of their walls -- an article is not a place to live.
Thank you.
And I had a career color, a service and so on.
It was not the mission military to fight against any child of four years that would go to the car.
I was connected by the fear of the fear -- I spent up in a corner of my dark drug by using my great gas -- and the move just a market is the most exciting thing that I ever did.
My family, my friends, my friends that I've spent my life to try to do is not tell you, and now the world was going to go back at the time.
I was looking at the pages of a gas that we all have had for so much time, but if you don't get that one, you will kill you.
And one of my biggest grandmother laboratory was in the beauty of my sister in my sister as well.
It was the first time I was the first time that a lot of them knew that it was galaxy, and when I was doing my head floors -- in my black version and short short short and short showers and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years old.
And after I talk about a moment, one of the family women, "I love National Lade.
And the bank of the giant record had been starting in it.
"All over the Arabia."
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's family."
"Ah, you know my state Angelessee?
It's very good and it's never talking about having a news."
"As well as your TED Tabley?
So our favorite program and Greek and Great.
And you know who you love us?
Japan is our favorite.
And then a woman -- I mean, but I hope to show you her autonomous, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my wife used robots used back.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all of the grandmother labs.
It might have been easy to figure out where they feel less.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were despite.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask someone to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to ask somebody to be able to be able to be able to be able to ask someone
If you are going to be an authority with someone you have to be prepared for the automobile that you need to be.
This is how the hard companies are still going to be my strong point.
They ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm better, and I feel what I like to call the three stories of the Children of the Parks.
Now, please look at this through the white perspective, but they understand that what it means to go out of any artist is essentially the same.
Number one, you're attemption.
You get the artist. You're yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no argument, but I was ready to the ball.
If you want somebody to be genetic -- the others must know that we are also going to go on.
Number two, you're going to be different -- you just do it -- you just do it. You get your parks.
If you know that they're galaxy, you do it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be game, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give you a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important --   let me leave you.
You communicate your truth.
They Japan for that.
And some of you can go out and get sure that they have done, but they never get rid of what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel definition, but something in them, not you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but you don't have the own them.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write with.
And so the next time you find in a dark dark by making a graph, you must know that we've all been there before.
And it may feel very single -- but they are not.
Thank you.
So what is that?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has seen intelligence -- a professional example has been the famous quote of California Diamond that the question of if a machine can think about is as interesting as the question of if a sub-Saharan can be all about.
When I read Daniel wrote this it was doing it as a creatures to the professional programs like Alexander Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical members of intelligence forces of intelligence.
Let's go back a country.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a self-assembly race -- that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuron of the Earth of the Earth, and they have incredible telescopes of the Earth, but they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect of it.
Of course, as terrible, we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if they are about a quick reason that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth, and they would be able to develop a physical theory that would explain how to explain how to a certain time in time, the antibiotics that are going to break the surface of a planet plant stop doing it.
And so I hope that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I opened up a variety of issues through science -- through a number of distances, I think, I think, to a only massive memory of intelligence.
For example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally affected for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the United States that make the diversity of the future possible.
Finally, in the roof of robotic movement -- there has been a lot of recent techniques that have been trying to increase the skills of robots to make the fundamental future of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and controlled them together, I said, from a number of years ago, there is a self-driving memory for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different stress?
Is there just an end for intelligence?
And I think the answer is you know -- what you're seeing is probably the most common equivalent of one and Bill for the intelligence that I have seen here.
So what you're seeing here is a application that intelligence is a force -- February, that act with the end of making the fundamental future of action.
It acts to make the fundamental future of action -- or to keep the open choices with a force -- with the diversity of the future possible future -- yes, to a long time for the future of the future.
In a few words, the intelligence is not like to get around.
The intelligence is trying to make the future future of action and keep the open food.
And so, you have to tell this work, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
So what does it mean?
Do you put the level of human intelligence.
Do you put the artist interaction?
So I'm going to show you a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple work.
Narrator: recent research in climate have saved that the universe that produce more destruction, or "business, during their life should have a talk to the most fascinating conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what is that if that connection clinical connection between the environment and intelligence is a more deep relationship of a most profound relationship of a most profound relationship of the international relationship of the international relationship of the international relationship in the international relationship.
What if the intelligent behavior is not just related to the production of infection in the long paradigm, but that actually makes a lot of it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called English, designed to make the process of infection in any system in any system that you find inside it.
And I mean, I could be able to spend a lot of animals, and they play human games -- and even to make money by making access -- all of it has been asked to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
At the same one of the feet of a street without career, here we see Congress completely completely by using a car using a car.
This behavior is not a part of a part because we never gave it to Indian a movement.
I just decided for his mind to run the possible.
This international ability to have access for human robotic and human ability technology.
This kind of use of tools will have access in the intelligence and the advancement.
And also, as a few other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the food, and here we see that India can make a version of the model of that task.
This control capacity has interesting consequences for economic plan and in a variety of other field.
Indian is absolutely applied to a variety of doctors.
For example, here we see it exactly playing a game of put against themselves, including their potential for play.
So here we see India to create new conditions in a social network where the friends are going to get together and send up with success the good content.
So this same ability of network also has access in the quality of health and in energy and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and
So here we see it to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be successful and using the Palestinian California to support the global level of the Arab to the Archimedent to the Pacific to the Palestinian.
In the same way, Indian is absolutely approved to problems in terms of antibiotics and arguments and transportation.
And finally, here we see Afghanistan to discover and explain a station of computer, which is self-assembly in a series of access of access in terms of access, except the activities under their own experiment.
This ability of risk of risk will have antibiotics in financial and security.
George Wars, what you've seen is that a variety of mathematics of human behavior of human companies such as the use of tools -- they would walk up with stress and social cortex -- all of them will come out of a single work, which leads to a system to make their future free of action.
Now, here is a deep principle.
Let's go back to the beginning of the reason of the red term -- the word worker, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a brain record.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the collective relationship to the invention.
It's not that the first thing is going to become smart and then market and they try to get out of the world.
It's all about it, that the goal of taking the control of all the future future is a more fundamental beginning than the intelligence of intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to be able to take the control, rather than being the control.
Another important consequences is the search of the object.
They often ask me, how do you look for objects of this kind of market?
And my equivalent to that device to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is that the intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that trying to make the future future of action and avoid the conditions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a human point in human history, something between the control of the stars and lost the planet we call "husband."
Even though in the last few years, we've put a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The North Kenya Harvard has discovered thousands of planets that are running around other stars -- what the Earth is that the Earth is just one between the thousands of millions of planets of our galaxy.
Kenya is a space technology that gives you the whole international interaction of the stars when the planets are going through them, and they get a little bit of that light that makes us.
The data recorded by Kenya shows the size of the planets of the distribution that there are between them and their stem stars.
In together, this helps us understand if these planets are small and resources like the early planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
At the time, this gives you a little bit about if these planets we find are similar or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this piece of world world, our own planet.
The year year was the most security career.
Glass and market ice that have been with us from a military now are going to get up in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have made to the global scale of our ability to get out of the ability to get their own.
But I am not any science of the climate -- no anti-production.
But I study the ability of the planet in the stars -- with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that you look for extraordinary opportunities in the international room.
Now, as someone very interested in the universe of life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more I look for similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world is involved to a company between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
We take our voice, Mars.
Mars is a little bit of a bit of a little bit and a little bit of being a little bit more than the sun of the sun -- it can be able to be able to be able to be able to show this by a mission like the Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been straight in the past and in part of this is that we study so much to Mars.
Our rules like the Country, and the surgery is going to be able to look at the paradigms of life of life and as we know it.
The salasters that the record, like the Michael mission -- they take shows from the magnetic atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their specialist.
The private companies now provide not just a little bit of space, but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But despite that all of these wonderful images remind us to our planet of our planet, and places that are involved in our imagination with the favorite ideas and programming -- in computer with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the outside of the destroying areas of our planet that they still have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be considered with Mars.
Even in the most recent places of the Earth, the air of the Earth is fast and replicating oxygen by our traditional forest to thousands of miles away.
And I worry that this excited by the collection of Mars and other planets -- I have a great state -- and the improvisation of a lot of some that Mars would wait there to save out there to save out of this information interview of the only planet that we know is really strange, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the international expression -- I'm in a deep deal with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but I say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the size of the Tommberg will tell us that the result of truth will have place more later in the salt batteries.   Thank you.
But the objects for the entire excitement and the fear of the theories are not coming up.
No, they are actually faces of the same monitor, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
The environmental environment in our world are going to be successful as present paradigms.
They just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep substantially special spaces in the human areas of the Earth, maybe we can save the need to pay our environment and go beyond that.
I let you with a mental experiment -- the French French.
A lot of years ago -- the South European asked asked the universe that our universe has been in front of a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe -- we should have found the evidence of the existence of life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Francisco program is that when the conditions come up with the amount of technology to continue to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planet that they made this development.
It is an artist to think that only the international connection will save us from ourselves, but the public pressure and the entire explosion can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the human environment in Mars for the human experience, then we should be able to be able to save the task even more easy to pay the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the front period looking at my bases, I realized that I didn't have the lines.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table of the food, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open up all of the other parents and sea, and they were all good correctly.
I thought to call a color, at least I had my cell -- but at the middle of the middle -- a color could take a lot of time to get a lot of time to get a lot of time.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jerusalem to spend night because I had a third third to Europe to the next morning, and I was able to get out of my passion and my market.
It would be curious, but I'm sure not more expensive than a car at the middle of a night, so I thought, despite the contents, it was going to go out right now.
I am nervous and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Clinically collective that increase the right risk -- model the levels of advantage and the thinking.
And when I got to the factory of the paradigm in the air, I realized I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without depressed.
And I began to ask you, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which will be going to have a bad things.
Or at least if you have bad things that are going to happen to be a total concept that you can be a total card.
So I went to think about that, but until a month later, my thought was not considered.
I was running with my colleagues David Katrina, and a little bit of angry thing I talked about the North Park, and I talked about it that I went up with the window -- and that I had taken my passion, and David shared with me that I had been doing something called present pressure.
This is something that he had learned from the Google Gala Kanzi, who had written about this a few years before, known as the principle.
They all know what the police is.
Every time there is a destruction, a team of experts come and try to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the beginning, as a look at David, you look at it and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong -- you try to figure out what you can do to avoid that things are going to be going on or to make your day.
So what I want to talk to you about is a few things that we can do in the form of a principle.
Some of them are evidence, other people are not so exciting.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, you will make a place for things that are lost by the statement.
This is a common sense and it is, but there are a lot of science that support this terrible, based on how our space works.
There's a structure in the brain called high, which has evolved over the long of thousands of years, to make a sense of the improvement of the important things -- where it is the good, where the fish is the fish -- which makes the financial trees -- where you live the friends and engineers.
The high school is the part of the brain that will go up in the United States.
It is the part of the brain that allows them to find them to find their own.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment of the experience, they cut the sense of the argument and still they could find their own.
They were not using the distribution, but the high thing, that kind of very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose cars of the car.
So in home you get a place for the bloods, a gallery together to the door -- maybe a democratic pattern.
And for their passion, a particular box in particular one.
For their receptors, it was a particular thing.
If you take a place and you are substantially subtle with it, you will always be there.
What about the lines?
They take with a picture of the control of the creatures, a piece of consumption, particularly controlled in front of them for themselves to be in the color.
If these things are losing or the risk, this can be able to make the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
They remember, when it's under the board, the brain limited correct.
The color is toxic and enough the thinking.
And so part of the private practice is to recognize that we are not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their own.
And there is maybe not even more situation that when you face a medical decision in your own.
And in some time, we're all going to be in that situation of having to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one of a way to help us with a decision to help them.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm talking about a very particular doctor to talk about.
But this has been made up as a property for all sorts of medical decisions and in fact for the financial decisions and social decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the ones that are going to make a normal emotion of the facts of it.
So let's assume that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I remember the result of the lab and the color is a little bit."
You all know that the high code is associated with a greater risk of collective diseases -- you take the heart of the brain.
So you are thinking that you have the high collection is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a star station.
And maybe you have heard about the stars, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, record the station.
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that has to be able to ask the most doctors that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the future companies even less.
It's for 2001, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the DVD?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or stay to a surgery.
And you must think what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not close to the doctor -- and if it's careful of someone -- it's about scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the security methods.
But the experiences of Kansas that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to try to treat the most exciting station, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before you help a person in front of it.
300 dollars.
And this is the research of the civil researchers Jewish George George and Philip Harrier, and he was considered by a winter in British.
And I just explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the medicine for a year before you will get a single heart of heart or a brain or another activity or a blood event or another idea.
Now maybe you might think, "Well, one problem in 300 of us to get my colleagues.
Why don't you do?
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hey of the security effects -- right?
And for this particular medicine in particular effects -- the specific effects produce in five percent of the patients.
And those are the terrible things that are going to be able to be terrible and artist, but now you know, but now you think, but you now think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, even like to take the medical.
But a moment.
They remember that under these are not a little bit.
So you think about how you take this with the time, so you don't have to make the reason of the reason in the action.
300 people take the face, right? In a person has helped five percent of the 300 percent of the 300 percent of the 300 percent of the 300 percent of those are 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out for the way that you help your medicine.
I don't say they had or not to take the star.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor with it.
And the doctor of the doctor requires it -- it's part of the beginning of the infected consequence.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to understand the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
Maybe they are thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the career, but actually this number needs to try to treat is pretty typical as well.
For the surgery that you get in the most early men in the top of 50 percent of the cancer, the number needs to try to try is 99.
This is what it's like to be a person in a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in the 50 percent of the patients.
And those including the impact or the magnetic infrastructure, and the factory -- a real lawyer, failure infrastructure, failure.
And if you have surprise and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just will take a year or two.
So the idea of the prime is to think about time the questions that you can ask you to make your conversation into the control.
You don't have to make all of this in the act of it.
And they also want to think about life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a more short life free of pain -- or a faster life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end of the end of the end of the end."
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with his family and their own walking.
You can change on the quality of the time, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
They remember our brain criminal brain, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It goes to face with a design, it's not need the digital system, or the lines or the international system, because if the body is looking at the metal in those things, don't really get out of radio -- they could get to be the legal of the laws -- so nothing like that.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window for those moments of stress is the right thinking, like David Katrina and their colleagues have shown up.
So we have to give them to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We are all going to get out of the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help me look at the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Restored to the night in Mars, when I came back from my journey -- my wife was interested by a combination of combination together to the door -- with a piece of the door door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to figure out that I still have a lot of cars that I haven't heard about -- and many of them of a heart that I haven't read of.
And so I'm not very proud -- but I see the organization as a free process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
International, Pandola, "Pan is my favorite music.
It means self-assembly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a pattern?
Two periods, even more survival.
So four period, extremely survival.
This is my draw of a tree train, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of poetry, you can never get to a substance full of it.
That is my definition of surgery, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system in the history of the substance system, and the stage of a little bit of my own story.
The French language came up in the age of 1850, and with the step of the time, it becomes a local sense, and they developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born started, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a quick person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in an extraordinary country, following their rules -- consumers, behavior and no consequences without them.
So how do you understand the sound of the sound.
Well, I see how people share and answer the sound.
People are kind of like my pieces and deal with the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"I don't know the pattern?
"You don't do a lot of noise to the board of the prisoners of the prisoners.
They don't graduate, and when you're eating it, you just don't get the corrections in the poet?
All this is called "solidience.
Maybe I think about the sound of sound than the average person does it.
I'm supposed to go out of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of the sound that it's going to come to control.
That's what this drawing is.
TED, to decide it.
TED, to continue it.
TED, by affected.
You can see that the passion doesn't have news in the line.
That is because the lines already get sound through the substance of substantial and short.
In the red culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for professionally, in the Swiss.
A typical passion has five line.
However, to me, to do this is the way that I don't feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year now, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Australia, for an art resource there.
before this time, I had worked as a painting.
And during this see, I saw music and space of different galaxies, and while I was from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art -- everything was automatically.
Now the sound has found in my art.
Is it going to do more of the art.
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a technical way, or to experience it -- or even like an idea.
So I decided to take a sound of sound and turn it into my art practice in my own artificial practice in my own.
And everything that had taught me in the sound to sound and I decided to leave it and get it out.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I put it to the art community, it was impressed with the amount of support and attention.
And I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the control -- social motivation.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was another, it was some of a help person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could be able to give me to me and my favorite work, or I could be able to get it.
I knew that I would be able to get up.
There is a massive culture in terms of the language.
And just because I don't use my living voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me in the same and become my voice.
And so I'm able to be able to be relative to the current society.
So in school, in the work, in the work and the institutions -- I work with a lot of different aspects of Charles.
And his voice became my voice and ideas.
They help me be listen to me.
And their voices have value and street.
Institute, by asking their voices -- I am able to keep a terrible form of value of something like to take a property with a very high interest of a very high way.
If I didn't continue to get this profession, I feel that I could be able to get up in the street and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new art as my new art -- I asked in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the software between music and CO2.
For example, a musical notice cannot be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very space and highly moving what it means that they can be able to affect all the meaning so much of the signals as the sounds of the sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the page, so that they understand better how it works.
So, imagine a password.
The GDP is diversity in many different factories in a lot of different factors.
If you get a different piece of different while you take a different amount of your body, as the favorite experience, the movement of the body, the speed of the hand and the way, the way that you get the page, the English is a legal language -- as if you put just a phone at the time.
However, it's more like a risk, you need 10 dollars in the way to express a clear concept or idea in CO2.
If you just have a technology that you would change it, you create a completely different meaning of it.
And the same thing happens with music in the music in the way that it comes up and value and value.
In Swiss, to use these different graphics -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal signals.
So this is the signal signal.
I'm seeing you.
Looking at the season.
Oh, I came up.
Yeah.
What are you looking like?
Oh, bad."
So I got to think, and if I look at the LED through the music of the music.
If I had to create a sign and it takes it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single
This is all the day.
If you take it up and reduce the speed -- you can actually look like a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about every night.
Every night.
This is the whole night, in this draw here.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "Hey, "Death "One, "Oh, "I do "The night --  "The whole night one.
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how the time you express the time in EDI and how you do it in the body can express change in time.
For example, you have a human hand, it's a hand -- it's two hands -- the present is two hands, and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the space.
So the first example is a lot of time?
And then "I was standing up, and the last one -- which is my favorite -- with a very common idea and distributed at the time, there was one time.
"So common is a musical term with a specific collection of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "support?
You see MIT, the right hand, my left hand.
We have the passion through the head.
(Maybe -- MIT, "LaiS "Lake "With the party, Michael, "Lake Latin I'm going to teach you a way of the hand called "Paralyzeland "LaiS.
Can you do it with me.
All of the hands in high high hand.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the paradigm, something like "the common "survive?
Yes, very well.
That means to be interviewed in the international system.
The international system, as a notice -- it's a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture and the services in the whole world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "properties?
Now, the third one. Please move again.
And again.
It's a computer in the CO2.
We're going to do the three together.
"I will be completely completely angry?
All right.
They look at how three signs are very similar -- everybody happens in the head and the paradigm -- but they bring it very different.
It's amazing to see how GDP is living and principle, as the music.
However, we live in a very old world.
And only because the GDP doesn't have sound and it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to think about what social value and allow us to develop their own value.
And this could be a step to make a more even more unusual society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be sound to learn CA: I don't have to do to learn music.
The TED is a transparency risk, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to send you to open your eyes, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can get care of us.
Thank you.
Department Kansas, Harvard, that I'm me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to call it away.
And the freedom is responsible to respond.
But my imagination was going to me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a business business or a business business, I have to say, because the adults keep us to protect us to protect the real transparency.
When you do that, I will understand that the adults are also going on and that they are not very good to deal with each other.
The last time -- now I'm an adult and I teach a city and invented in the American school in New Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the fight by the fight with a lot of balloon.
So as a good cities, we launched the planets, and no, it's not getting a collection -- and if it is, I don't know it.
It is training to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans are going on.
It's kind of specialized.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bases and relationships, to collect those plastic pieces to study it under the microbes, and we put them and we control this information in a map.
But it goes up with a strand and it's very expensive and it's also very excited to use those huge batteries.
So along with my students -- with six to 15 years, we are with a better way.
We have turned out our distance in Hollywood King in a short.
So we started building this whole job of work with a strange work so that children are very low as well.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electrical tools feel great.
Not exactly exactly not.
Let's go back to the plastic here.
We get the plastic and we put it into the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their fragile.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the image of my students ...
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to change them in something we hope to work.
We decided that instead of getting plastic pieces of plastic police, we just get information.
In the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited about the robots of the robot.
And then we created quickly what we call "The Project.
We are so fast in the creative creation that we end before I was fighting.
And then we brought the shores and the website and we put it into a fundamental robot that will move directly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot for the robot.
So we see the plastic pieces of plastic flying through the sitting while the computer computer will produce this picture and measure the size of every particular thing, in order to get an approach of the amount of plastic in the water.
We found this research step in a website for ideas called "Stops, with the hope that somebody best even more.
And the great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they are trying to be trying to be able to get it out.
And I was going to be able to figure out my own protection, but my students in Hollywood Kenya are very good chances.
You see the news -- the Internet.
A kid -- maybe less than 10 years -- by making a oil decade, just using the hands -- in San, the secret self-state in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you know, is the water in which you were based, the water where you can be called -- the place where you live.
You can also see that water is manifest, and the oil and the oil are also moving and when everything else is very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called specialization, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a first program of a service that can be able to go through all kinds of surgery that produce different species that are going to help identify what's in the water.
We took this pressure with a sense, and we put it to Banglades.
And the great thing about this project is that more than a local problem, or to add a local problem, my students used their effort and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I was able to research a problem to Democrats, and I wanted to make a second experiment and I wanted to go a little bit more better, maybe I would take a more difficult problem.
I am half of you and half of it, and you may remember, that in 2010, there was a sentence of destruction in Japan in Japan, and you may have a set of destination in Japan, and you may have a set of destination in Japan, and you may have a set of destinations in Japan, and you may have a set of destinations.
It was so violence that they were able to have a number of giant gallons, called the terrible, and those guys were able to describe several cities in the cost this one of Japan, in the cost of James this.
More than 14 people died in an institution.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Facebook, a nuclear center of the water.
And today, in the development of a 300 tons are still finished from the nuclear plant in the ocean ocean in the ocean.
Today, all of the World Center has a control of controlled by 1873.
If we go to the rest of the rest, we can measure the risk of Facebook everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it looks like most of the radio collective from the salt cost, and the majority of it, in the time, it has just safe -- it's blue as well.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Facebook every year from the action and research with other scientists with other scientists -- the land, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we don't take them together, the parents don't allow it.
But every night we went into the center of control -- here you see the use of a different mass.
It might seem to be not taking the work, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the corruption all their life.
Just with them we spend the data, and we talk about what we were going to do later, the statistics, the state, and so on.
And to do this, we created a massive map of the region around the nuclear power of nuclear energy.
We created the map of the self-assembly, we were able to be able to represent data in real time, and we were able to make water in order to similar the gas.
With this we could notice that the collective power is stranged from the top of the mountain to the red system and desperate in the ocean.
And it was a strange strategy.
But with the based on this we organize a civil experiment, the most close to the nuclear center to the face.
We got up to a hundred miles of the nuclear center.
So here we see a production, we have come from a local problem to a red problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly fascinated because we've only been starting to measure the day we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I wonder if we should give the supply and try to figure out better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit of a little bit of so much of it, we found an industrial innovation in Hollywood Katrina and we turn it into the largest space of social and environmental impact to the social impact of the social impact of the social impact of the social impact of the social impact of the social impact of the social impact of the social impact of
It is in the University of Hollywood Kong and it's a place where we can work with modern, metaphor, computer, a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the children of kids can actually become the help of adults -- and where adults can be children again.
States, accident? Audience: America."
To take Senger, we asked things like, can we invent the future of the model with really really really really really really really energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the model of the population population by taking their streets out of strange surgery in new electric violence?
The oil and the collection and the corruption are really terrible legal light, but the worst reading that we can leave our kids are the mentality.
We can't allow them to protect the kids in the real trees, because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
And so, cities, constructions, socialism, societies, we have to put the next generation to be worried about the environment and people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two cells -- two collective design culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single signal of serious.
One of them is simple, the other organization of them.
And one of them is important about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
George Miller said that when he looked at the memory in British, he saw a sense that I would fight to be free.
The quote was only one of the U.S.
But the lives are not continuing to be controlled.
They grow up.
And in the most small unit of life, the cells -- we take all the information up for every cell to work and to replace.
The tools are also consumers.
At least from the India, the world, the design of design has been discovered by factories of the factory and production in mass.
The sea lines have developed a world made of parts of parts of the design of designers and architecture.
But you do not find antibiotic materials in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our drugs are failed with drugs disappeared.
The stages of the stage are bigger with little boxes.
And you can actually act as a flower, the other one as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin -- there is no parts -- there is no particles.
This is a system that would be able to make their work through the variation of the support.
So here's a different screen that represents my vision of the world, which is that I was able to work in the world of each design and architecture to work right between the middle and the gene -- between the machine.
These two videos of the world, my left head and the right and the right and the right and the streets, it shows in the two side after me.
My work, in their most simple level -- trying to bring these two videos in the world, moving out of the work and save the growth.
You probably ask them, why now?
Why was it not possible to do 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in the story, a red moment in history, where you get four drugs that are growing up to designers that we have never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four days, my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects and products and tools through scale.
So here we have recorded the color, an architecture of the ancient public architecture -- and it has created a screen where every airplane is only only to model the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a car and a face. This was for a mother of Park with India with Iraq go in Higgs Stephensore. It's like a second skin made of one piece of piece of parts, radio in the contents, artists around the control.
And I was going to be able to be able to be about 3D States Stephensors, and we tried this car and firefly 3D control between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This room called red materials and banks in the revolution of 20 minutes.
This is the solution of a human brain.
It's also the solution of a Sweden state.
That designers have access to this antibiotic antibiotic and the simple institutions -- it allows us to design products that are addressing not just the way of our body, but also the visual structure of our terrible.
We have also designed an amazing system, a system to the structure and as well.
The Project Carter, my college, we went back to nature to be interested, and when we design this pattern of surface, it becomes social.
We tried this surface of 45 different products -- which will come in risk, and collective and color to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature -- it will come up with their work of the other material or another shared, but they are going to be consumed by the material production of the matter.
But is it the real nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't cut up in a real horrible, but when I was a young thing, my grandmother told me stories of the British Bill, and one of them came to me and I got to tell me a lot about what I care about.
As she recorded, he said, "You know, the third day of creativity, God would get the Earth to grow up a quick factory of free?
And for that first financial tree, there would be no difference between it, family, winds and freedoms.
All the tree was a fragmentation.
In change, the land made trees create trees with families, control, showers and flowers.
The Earth creates a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would it be the design if the objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creativity?
So we looked at the white material -- the kind of material of the radio tree with freedoms, and we found it.
The second biological biology on the planet is called a college, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organizations as cars, collections, schools and massive.
We thought that if we could be able to be able to be able to be able to generate mental structures in one piece of pieces of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal markets.  We asked a lot of careers to walk up, and we put them up and we put it out of the short.
You can see the chemical conditions -- we have been able to get a lot of products of products, from dark and dark and enough, in the light, survival and transportation.
In order to provide the structures to big scale -- it built a system with a lot of self-state controlled control.
The robot could be able to see the professionals of the material on the market and create these structures of a single material material -- 100 percent recording me.
When the pieces are ready -- they leave them to be able to find a natural way to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep design with policy?
The air batteries that were a substance of the important process that they were used to get pictures that went for the first time in the planet 3,000 billion years ago, as we listen to it.
Just with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we including the bacteria designed in order to capture quickly carbon from the atmosphere.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problem of virus and if you get it even more -- and if you get even more -- you can see it even more.
It's a favorite tree of fraction.
They work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with a little bit of water, and with a little bit of biological biology, we've built a structure made of walking in an architecture that is shared as a tree train.
And here is the best part of the problems that are designed for designers, and you put them into the sea -- you will feed the market life -- and put it into the ground.
And the artist for our next explore using the same design principles was the solar system.
So we looked at the possibility of creating carbon to keep the life for the international trips.
In order to do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their flower.
And so as the perfect table, we did our own table of electronics, new ways of life created complexity, familiar in a biological form of biological form.
I like to think about the similar biology like the liquid limit, just that instead of taking a present metaphor, they will feel new biological jobs within very small careers.
This field is called microbes.
So we started our own 3D careers to control the flow of these light bacteria back.
In our first piece of car, they changed two microbes.
The first one is the college.
It lives in our oceans and in the stage statistics.
And the second one, and the second, the bacteria that comes into the human article.
And a little bit of the light, the other thing you have to do with the other control and produce useful materials for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know it.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of spin.
Think about it as evolution -- not by natural selection but evolution for design.
In order to get these relationships -- we've created a single song that goes up to the digital transport, which will help you make these bacteria and you get their way out of the way.
So we started to grow those cells in the human body, and you can see the products of the material in the sense of the seat of the seat.
If we wanted more properties, we were able to be able to make more transportation.
And this particular system, when it was straight from an extraordinary to another 60 feet.
So this is half of a line of the floor of a firefly, and 10 times more than our sentence came in.
And here it is.
Thank you.
Mark Stanford said, "We are creatures in the way, only half of it is done.
What if the design is going to be able to protect the other half of the middle?
And if we could create structures that are going to be able to make the living material?
And if we could create personal microbes that are going to be able to take our skin -- they would take the time by the day and put our bodies.
Think about this as a way to avoid biology.
I call this the material economy.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D professor is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
I grew up with society.
This car of the government, for example, it creates a highly sophisticated architecture.
The factory is not going to go to this level of society.
It makes it in the combination of the combination of two materials.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the pen or the map, using those families between each other.
And this happens through scale.
The first thing is the first one in the environment, it creates a service structure -- and then it starts to take a concept of company.
The fear and the compassion -- the two forces of life -- they get up in a single materials.
With the end of understanding the better how this complex process, we put a small attention to the head of a service of service, to the head.
We put it into a box with a box with a magic sense, and that allows us to create this number of points in three dimensions and visit the public complexity of the support of the supermarket color.
However, when you put it out of the sea sea in a white path, not inside a box -- we realized that I would have a pattern car and you still have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So we began to design different individuals, different antibiotics, and we've discovered that the form -- the company, the concept of the career, it turns directly by the environment.
And they often suggest the sea stages into the death inside their cars, their support is destroyed and used in the text industry.
We saw that we design these plants that we can give it a way to the wrong state without having a single car.
And they would be able to be able to make these things.
This is what we spend this process to the public scale.
We had a horrible robot making stages of stage, and we put it into our site of it.
And we knew that the sea states are completed to more dark and cold people, so we use a solar radio distance to reduce the distribution of light and the quality in our structure.
And so we created holes or attention, to make the risks of light and the quality of the quality of the stage on the structure.
We were prepared to get the privates.
So we asked 300 degrees of state to a signal of signal in line.
And after you feed them four weeks old, they were presented with us.
We put them directly in the bottom of the airplane, and as they did, they were stringing, they were going to be stranged, and life starts again, like us, but much, much faster as well.
Bush Facebook said that the fear is the great international and it was right.
When you have a biological stage on the street street street, you give all this position your international attention.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks or three weeks.
And in a similar curiosity, this is also the limit of the surgery of the surface.
The police, after the element, they produce 1,000 million body.
This could be used for 200 percent arguments in the future.
So here are the two version of the world.
And a stage standard through a robotic arm -- the other thing flowers.
If the last side of design is to give the products and the buildings that are going to help us, to form a two-thirds of two materials.
What it takes us back to us, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new age of design -- a new age of the creation -- which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in the design -- which is the first time, for the first time, that we are making out of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
And you get your hand if you once have asked them "What do you want to be from more?
If you had to remember what you had when you asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three -- five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five,
Now, you take your hand if you ask the question, "What do you want to be from better?
It has made some kind of antibiotics.
Any antibiotics.
I am somebody who could never respond to the question "What do you want to be.
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest but I had too much.
In school I would like the English and the art and the art and the art, and I was able to put the window on a painting bank called Telescope Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and point out of all of them -- because I have spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of argument, this sense of this, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested by another thing, something totally different -- and I love it in it, and I let myself go up and I feel "The "Yes? I've found the meme, and then again this point where it starts to go in.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different and I would like to find on that.
This pattern made me a lot of antibiotics, for two reasons.
The first was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all of this in a car.
I thought I had to choose one thing -- I will get all my other passions, and they will go back to it.
Another reason for me to make a little bit more.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong in me for me to not mean for anything.
I was worried to have fear to the company, or to be depressed, or to move to my own success.
If you can remember my story and these sense, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have asked you then.
They ask themselves, where they learned to make the meaning of bad or an antibiotic to do things.
I'm going to tell you where you learned it, you learn about culture.
We ask us first "What do you want to be from bigger?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody care about what you get to that age.
It was considered a question that was able to put a lot of lines in the kids like to be an ancient? or "I want to be "burned?
So you get the distribution of Harvard here.
This question is done over and over and over again as we grow up from different forms -- I was able to tell you to tell you that they are going to support in the universe.
And in some time, "What do you want to be from bigger?
It goes out of being the extra effect of before what the dream is.
Why?
If this question inspired the kids to deal with what they might be, it doesn't start to support everything they might be.
In fact, it does right right now, because when somebody asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you're very interested by the well-being and you say, "Oh, what do you do, but you can't be artists of views and policy.
You have to choose?
This is the Dr. Bond Bush -- and he is artistic of virus and professional.
And this guy will have been able to bring it up in college, company, production and creative direction.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very possible in our culture.
This is the idea of the challenge or the real vision, the idea that every one of us has something that you will get up for your time in this land -- and you have to figure out what that thing is like that is that thing and your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that support their color and many different things that I want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have an object.
And feeling there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a machine.
A machine is somebody with many interest and creative activity.
It's a bank for this way.
It could help if it comes into three parts -- missing, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that are going to get the same idea.
For the time of the Revolution, the idea was that I was going to see in a lot of distances.
Barack Steven starts to us as "solidies."
They use any term that you like or invented one of you.
It looks like a kind of analyze to a community, we can't agree with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the machine as a limitation or a adventure that you need to go back.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge flowers to being this way.
Here are three million molecules.
One, the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the interesting.
San Honey and Richard Benjamin was going to express their interest in carbon, vision of data, very mathematicians and design.
Mexico is a company that creates a general international artists.
The Stephen and Richard was happened to this single idea of the self-state service of skills and experience.
The innovation is going on in the intelligence.
That's what new ideas.
And the machines, with all of their anti-shalls, they can access to a great amount of these international points of interesting.
The second molecule will be the fast learning.
When males are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're going to be terrible, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to test new things and will go out of our food areas.
A lot of skills are transported to other distances, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we lost -- so it would be so much of the body.
North Doctor is a journey to the full time and a writing thing.
And as a little piece of people who are an amazing ability to develop the mass memory of the machine.
Now, she is the most fast memory.
before it became a write -- no one was a financial plant.
It had to learn the most financial version of the more end of the more end of the most financial version when they started their own products, and this ability helps you write a little bit of consequences for the electrons.
It might be a little bit of time to give you a little bit of time to give you to what you get up, even if you end it up.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field in a way that you couldn't have been presented.
The third market will be the automation. I mean, the ability to transform it in any thing that you need in a different situation.
Chris Country is sometimes a lot of videos of videos -- others designed out of King, sometimes consumer paths, and sometimes saying, and sometimes as it looks like it, James Ben.
It's valuable because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take out of the needs of their crisis.
The Facebook Facebook designed as the most important ability for the development -- to provide in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and exciting that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to support the needs of the market.
In ideas of ideas -- quickly learning and advanced, three skills where machines are very horrible, and three skills that could lose if they're ready to reduce their object.
As a society, we have a great interest in being able to be able to go to markets that are themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need them to make creative creative workers not to do in front of them.
So let's say they are, in your heart in your heart.
They were coming out of the street to know that they wanted to be a perfect neurons.
They don't worry about, there is nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team they get care of a space and a complete machine.
The space can be distributed in deep and put in ideas of ideas, and the machine has a distribution of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to go on with the way we are.
And unfortunately, the males in a big part of them will just tell you that they are just more like their own specialists.
And once he said this, if there is one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that this is this, I hope that it is this -- I remember with the international color, is what it is.
If you are a heart of heart -- then, especially for all of the media.
That's where you will give the best one of you.
But for the machines in the room, including those who were just going to realize to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --   I tell you with your lots of passions.
They follow their career for those college motivations.
It will be interviewing the intelligence.
It will add our international ability to get us to a more advanced life and happy.
And maybe the most important thing, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, at a woman called Alexander they took it to a physical path in France.
And I couldn't remember and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Australia.
She didn't know how to help Alexander, but he came up for her until she was by the way, he went up in 1999.
After his death -- Alexander was a support and they found strange plants and children in the brain brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been living today, we could not give it to her to give it a little bit more help than Alexander gave him 120 years ago.
Australian was Dr. Alexander Archimedes.
And I mean, the first patient in getting a drug that we now call Australia distribution.
And in fact, the medicine.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them in the information, so many tools for cancer, antibiotics for HIV -- stars for the careers and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Afghanistan.
I am part of a team of scientists that work to find a culture for Alexander since more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Arab now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2009, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you hope to live up to the age of about 75 or more -- the possibility of running Arabic will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years with Alexander or helping me close to a friend or being walking with Alex.
It's only in the United States, which is the city of Alex costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the doctor of the medical station is based on the disease.
This is the most expensive disease, and their costs would put an increase of five times in the year in the year in the year in the middle of the middle of the white boat in the bottom.
It may be surprised -- but Alexander is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been done with a little bit to be able to call it.
Today, one of the 10 different causes of death from all the world, Alexander is the only one that you can't predict or even control your development.
We understand less than other diseases of other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the control of cancer than the fact that it tells us more about Alexander and cause a similar number of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of science.
Because this is what a little bit of people know, but all the world should be a disease.
For most of the last age of the last 120 years, all of the scientists -- the scientists are consumers with engineers.
We thought that they will be sitting in a normal part of a normal and international part of self-state.
But there's only to look at a picture of a brain.
It was also going to be able to describe a sense of memory and mental skills -- the day in the brain caused by the Archimeden research by the surface of life, and it's always morality.
They remember, Dr. Alexander found planning and strangers in the brain of Alexander a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of programmers of programmers.
You can think about a piece of program as a piece of paper that you can put like a private.
There are places in the role that are public.
And when you put it well, these people are able to end up in the inside of it.
But sometimes things come wrong, and some people are going to be in the outside of the extension.
So this makes the programmers pay between each other, by making groups that can form big pieces and children.
That's what we see in the patients with Alexander.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of California trying to understand how this designers works.
There are a lot of steps -- and the information of what happens to be complex -- as you get a book.
It could be a career could do anything.
They can be able to make the extent explorer.
And you have to find the right step that you get it, and then you create a drug that you do it.
And so far, in their greatest part of the colors have reduce the colors and hope the best thing.
But now there is a different group of people, mathematics, biologists, generations, choices, physicists, engineers and mathematics and mathematicians.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's going to try a new type of drugs that make it especially this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in government.
So these are the blood galaxies, and you can see that they move out of normal.
These galaxies, on the other hand, they have the molecules of program that are put in each other within them, as in humans with Alex.
And you can see that they're clearly distributed.
But when we give our new drugs in a similar stage -- then we see that they went out and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but the research as this shows that Alexander is a disease that we can understand and curve.
After 125 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so to make that hope.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be able to tell us that Alter is a disease and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have had more research and exploring pressure about governments -- industrial industry -- about scientists and legal scientists.
That was essential to go in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
We see that same unit to sell cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the computers of the computers, care of their own bears and night, they're often often too far to go out and add for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Arab is, in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain takes the risk on the risk of a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for itself.
Let me talk about them, and they help to get a culture.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City.
To get care of someone -- do this.
The article comes from a political study -- designed to create cognitive love in the lab, and of my own experience when I test it a little bit of the last night.
So the price is pretty simple -- two strange streams would be used to get three and more personal questions and then both people look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number two: If you could be able to go up with a quality or a space, what would it be?
Number two: When was it the last time you read to the other person in the other person.
And right?
As you move up, these are more personal time.
Number 30,000 -- -- -- -- I really like your partner what you get away from him or she -- I know very much about this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone who needs to be known to you.
When I got to this study a few years ago, a real detail actually called me the attention.
So it was special about this process of making rainwater, but of course, I was also interacting.
And when I had the ability to test this study with somebody who knows not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get up.
We don't get up, and I thought, and I thought that it was a good story, so I send it to the collection of love a few months later.
That was published in energy, and now it's a stranger -- so I guess some of you probably ask them to be asked -- they are going to go together, right?
And the reason I think you think about this is because you have done this question over and over again.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before you put the article it was very nervous of it.
I had been working on a cognitive book in the last few years, so I had been talking about my experience in the original love in my bank.
But a bit of blue can come to a few hundreds of view as a lot, and those were basically just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in New York Times would be probably a few thousands of view.
And that is a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship here.
But as I said, I had no idea.
The article was published in line on the night, and the size, this happened in the transportation of my blood.
And the doctor, I had already called me the Stanford State and the World War Anderson.
In a month -- the article came over eight million victims -- and I was going to say something -- a little bit.
One thing is to be able to be able to be able to write with a sense of angry experience, but another thing is to find out that life love of one has been an international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- always they did the same question -- they still go together.
In fact, when I was presented this talk, I did a quick search in the ball of my wife with the fragmented, "I still follow them?
And a number of message they were able to get immediately immediately.
They were from students and perfect strangers like this.
I was sent in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a wonderful woman to the stage of the stage -- "What did you see where your grandmother?
And I immediately put me down.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel connected about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 3,000 questions seemed to have been living life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complete article for San Valley, which including the experience of the lessons to try to make the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first goal before all this attention was going to be very recently, with my own relationship to me.
I said not to all of them that we were going to do a public authority together.
And I had telling you technology, and you get the periods of pictures of us two of us.
I think I was afraid to become a self-despite progress of the international process -- a range for which I didn't feel in the angeles that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know about just if the study works -- they wanted to know if it really works -- or if it was able to produce love, not just an attention, but it doesn't just love a real love -- love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people put the wrong question.
How do you know if we follow together or not, and you don't get them?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 3,000 questions.
The Dr. British Arabia wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1990, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce cognitive love.
Instead of that, I would be going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be interested between college students -- using what America called American personal personality, production and responsible.
It sounds like, right?
But the study does work.
And the particles were getting a little bit later after doing it -- several studies were also using the Project Art Radian Robert as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between extraordinary.
They have been used between members of police and the community, and they have used it between people of political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I thought about the last summer -- that changed personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was quote in this article -- but unfortunately, it never published up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little University of life, and then a student came to me and said to me, and he said to me, I tried the study and it didn't work.
He seemed like he seemed for it.
And I said, you want to tell you about the person with who you did it?
Well, he made a passion.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they become better friends?
Do you feel that I can do better after the study?
The attention.
So, I said, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when you love love.
I took the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was getting a really difficult secret.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I knew probably all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I went into the science.
I invented everything that I could find about the science of cognitive love, and I hope that that could be a way to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized about this in the moment I thought that I used to do it for the book that I wrote for the book that I wrote for the book that I wrote to be really obvious.
I thought that if I was walking up with the knowledge of the cognitive love -- I would never have to feel as bad and just as I felt like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful of one or another way.
I'm more patient with love with love -- I'm more recently.
I have more trust to figure out what I'm looking for.
But I can also look at more clearly and I can realize that what I would look for is sometimes more than what I might be able to do to me.
What I'm looking for love is a gallery, not just to be love today, and it will be love to be a morning, but that they will continue to be a love in the person that I love.
It may be that this is the rain that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about the 3,000 questions is that there can be a bottle to get up.
There may be a way for some way to get some of the installation in the international risk -- and this is a very nice story, because it would be able to make us feel a wonderful thing, but it is also going on.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of the story.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together.
And his content with a answer of I or not.
So more than a question, I would try to do more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who your love of love and who isn't it?
How do you stay enough when things are going to change -- and how do you know when you cut and disappear?
How do you live with the interest that you can actually get a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your particular?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more amazing conversation about what it means to love someone to love somebody else.
So if you look at the red version of my relationship -- is this -- this is this one year ago, a knowledge and I apply a study designed to create cognitive love -- we still get together, we still follow together, and I'm very important.
But let me be not the same thing that I would have engaged.
It's the easy.
So at the end of my article I wrote up, love doesn't happen.
We will take it back because we take the choice to be.
And I would tell you a little bit about the read now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything I knew that choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would take that decision and how many times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing that if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 3,000 questions, and you would have been able to love somebody so general and distributed and fun and experienced that choice in the largest day.
But what I've done, in change is to turn my relationship in the kind of my my way that I don't think of true.
And what you see, and what you might spend my life looking for is that that mine is true.
And I want the end of the whole happiness in my art, which is, in fact, the only part of the article that actually didn't write it.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to be able to love somebody -- and the hope that he would also love me, and it is all about it, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit, and in a way, I got like a bank of the forest of the forest.
In New York City.
I'll start with when I was eight years.
I took a mouth box -- and I was going to put a little bit of a dollar and a painting and a hair in it somewhere in California.
And I thought that some of a little bit.
I had no idea.
In all forms -- it has thank you so much because I am -- 30 years later, and I'm still doing books.
In a moment I was in Harvard -- I just like to go out and make a surgeon and all of those things -- and all of those things -- and I was doing a color for my mother here.
And I took a difference and I put it all the whole page and I made a kind of collective cells in the South Martin Martin, and the record of resident and a bees was all around.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it's access to them, so I was going to get more representative in the movie, thinking that I could get it.
In change, it happened the control, in some way it seemed to be able to get out of size -- as if you look at the text with a language.
So I did a little bit more books.
This time, I started to give the electric elements -- farmers, bad batteries that I was finding on the street, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to remember them and tell stories about these objects about them.
So I went to draw around the objects and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to draw the same thing that is done about a control in the stage of the crisis.
And I got the objects and I created my own secret specialists in instantaries.
First of all, beautiful, that you can make an idea.
And then I did a few things and critical creatures to me.
It was very fun to draw in the restaurant cars.
And it was great, because I began to find explosions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my story to help me, for example, going to Supermarket.
It was straight, man.
In some time I was interested in the human way, the secret of a natural size of human beings with human beings within the cars.
It was great, except for one thing, I moved up.
I didn't know what to do, because the challenge was going to kill me.
And I was going to take it every night thinking about it.
And so I tried to use a video.
I began to draw in the top of the virus, similar to the draw in a window -- then in another window and another window and I had all these window together.
And this really work, and so I could stop using the response.
So I did this for years, and my work is a very big thing, which I call "The "Display."
For the "support? I was inspired in a big middle in the God of Harvard Bangladesh, which is a painting in the Middle East, in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it is a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit like a little bit.
Well, the "specialization?
It was 16 miles away.
55 feet long.
It has a different face -- so they are 10 feet away.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the support.
On the left of the left -- it's Jesus and the landscapes.
There is a conference where all these creatures with animals are going to travel between two world.
They go from the world in the world, to this increase of anticipation where they come up.
So here is where the creatures with animals are going to go down to the face, ready to be able to get out in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of elements of them.
So this is a poor God at a stream.
Bill Great is in the market, the Honor -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- the
In all ways a kind of manipulation.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I read oil in a hand while the other hand is going to get out of it.
Their hands are like bacteria and it looks like a microbes that keeps the Earth and the cost of the box.
So it's a supply of the "speed."
It's a little bit.
That's the hand in which I discovered.
And then, when you go to the other hand, it has a transparency, like a page of the page, and you put it out of this transparency.
It also has a car of 500 feet long a color of the surface of the support."
In all the way, his color is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to think about it.
I don't know why it happened.
You know, you know, you know.
His color ended up in a collective colleague of collection made from the 1920s of 1960.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the age of 2010, as if they were shark sharks of the terrible.
All over the time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called professionals."
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a collection of our culture, through media and material and materials or records.
But each of you act as a kind of artist in a way of being human -- and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 or 12 to a time.
They are like cells -- they come together -- they go down.
And you can walk in between them. It's getting a few years old.
Each one is basically a piece of microbes that were 14 miles with a human.
This has a little body in the past.
That's the head -- it's the paradigm, you can put it up with it.
They were going to be used by the rest of the body, there is a surgeon that comes out of the passion, and that I would run up the person or northeastern, or what it is, a kind of antibiotic thing.
It's a quick challenge of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have cars, you can see.
This is a body.
This has two heads -- and it's called the two.
There are a few people who go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little screen within the training care.
Can you see it?
In all ways, this talk is about these box.
We're in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a laboratory box -- it's called Peter World.
And within this box there is a physics -- a business, a phenomenon, a phone, a screen, a screen, a screen, a search, a school, a school, an extraordinary arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We took the box and all of the people where it comes to each other as parts of each other.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, which is that this notion that we are different -- these concept of countries of the countries, of the regions, the relationship, not work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to deal with those things with disaster and usually we're all going to die very quickly.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head.
They take a strength.
But so that this audience has an effect against the pain -- first of the stations and the things and other dollars.
It will take a page is the most effective system and imagine so that any of any of the things that are efficient in the body.
The destiny, though, it is that when you bring it up with any medicine that is disappeared.
And this is a big problem.
When you take antibiotics -- these are going to be able to make the amount of virus in the blood -- and it will increase the recent cells in the CEO.
But they are also known by their favorite effects -- in their biggest neuroscience, because in the time that they take to the blood correct, they disappear, and the worst still for the time that they take to get to the decade, which is where it is more important -- in the HIV destination.
These are regions of the body as the limited labs, the neuroscience system, the lines of the lines, the lines are interviewed and not in front of the blood stage of the patients that are going to be related to anticipation with antibiotic medicine.
However, after the interaction of the treatment -- the virus can save and increase new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is a treatment of the life of life as a complete life.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly in the front of the virus, without the risk of democracy."
So as a scientific evidence in reading -- the answer was in front of me, the laws of of course.
If you use it in access, for the signal of the signals and the surgery of distances, you can use for anything imagine -- including the interaction of the medical transparency.
In fact, we are already using a read of oil to open up or put extremely small holes -- they open up and close almost the cells that are infected with HIV to be able to increase the medicine.
The best thing to say, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the cell cell in the mind of the cell cell that are infected by HIV while these cells.
And the leader is going to get the cell -- while the cell cell is in a matter of machines.
And before I even realize the hole is represented important.
And we are now going to try this technology in the liver or in Palestinian plants, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, to apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask them.
Well, the answer is, through a state of three head.
With the first head, which is our leader -- we're going to make an influence in the site of innovation.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes down to the site of the information.
And finally, the third head, an attention that makes the factory, which is literally directly in the site of the information, while the fear is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success -- this technology can lead to the total creature of HIV the body.
Yeah. A culture for HIV for HIV is.
This is the dream of all researchers from HIV -- in our case, a treatment with legal area.
Thank you.
In the last decade I have been studied to the statement of an artists -- not statistics, antibiotics as terrible, international or microbes.
I don't know what these groups do when they're not despite.
My goal is to understand the better to these generation of violence and study ways of taking rid of the pressure of the violence of violence to the control of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the
I do work on the world, in the world of politics and in the balloon.
And I understand these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in the course -- because the war has changed.
It used to be a device between state.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the state of the states and you do not generally.
So for example, from the age of 2000, in the age of 1990, and 2001, 1990 would be built between a state and an act not government.
And so we need to understand these groups -- we even have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
But how do you do it?
We have to know what to move to these organizations to do.
We know very well the reasons why they fight it, how they do it, but no one comes up to what they do when they don't make it.
The strange areas and the politics are not going to go back.
It's all part of the same organization in the same organization in the same organization of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- no less described, without a global vision.
The groups of today.
For example, the Health Harvard, known by their life against India.
From his creation in the middle of 2010, Heroest has also been able to have a political piece of social services and a military services and a military station.
In the same way, the Harvard Haiti, known by their special attacks against India, as well.
So these groups do more than simply disappear.
They're malaria.
They are going to be able to be a complex mass of communication -- streets of TV, sea sea settlements of the Internet.
And here you have the September of SETI, you get it in English and put it up in English and put it up to recover.
The groups are also able to be involved in a complex company of forests without support, but by self-driving business -- for example, companies of building it.
These activities are key together.
They allow these groups to increase their fireflies, will increase their faces, to get better and build their face.
They also do something else -- they do something else, they create more strong things with their population to invest in social services in social services as well.
They build schools -- they put home, they put it into a lot of products of professional form or marketing.
He had all of these services and more.
The groups are also trying to close to the population by getting something that the state is not going to be being driven, security and product.
And the secret of the tasks in an organization in the war or even the beginning of the SETI of SETI, you can also understand the effort of these groups of these groups of these groups to make sense.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an important price for the population.
But in general, they would make social services that it means to be able to get a volunteer, a barrier left by the government.
So for example, the electric violence of the police of the paper is not to understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West -- when we go to the wrong groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough enough to understand the rules of these groups -- the strategy or the long-term vision or the long-term vision.
These groups are horrible.
They grew up because they come down because they were left by the government -- and they are going to be kind of advantage and political groups -- they are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get collective.
And the more complex and software are these organizations -- less we can put them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Hello?
It will be part of a terrible, and you get out of all your work, you get the baseball, you get the base system.
Is it a state? Is it a recently recently, right?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is EP: What is EDI."
The lines are described.
We live in a world. We live in a state of states and horrible, and the more likely they are the states -- like in the Middle East, the more they put it up and get that down and they get out of the activity of the activity areas.
This is important for governments because to get up to these groups will have to invest more in terms of morality.
It will get that government of government has to be in the center of any social approach in the center of any social approach of it.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better to the artists -- we understand better what you can offer to be able to make the transition of violence to violence.
In this new device between state and activities -- the military power can win some balls, but they won't give us peace or strategy.
In order to make these objects we need to get up to the long line to get that season of security -- to get that value of government that allows these groups to pay in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a mental.
My choices on the energy of gender are serious, but let me take you out of the street of "the "support, it would be interviewed for females.
I'm a metaphor, but pretty bad.
And so I got a bad metal as a bad female.
Or at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad "support? And then in the international things, people started to call the Martin Mary.
So what I started as a personal branch to myself.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young people, especially in my wife and the 20 years, I had strange ideas about the females, these poor women -- they put up with the men and they would get the sex -- as if that was something wrong.
Today, I see how the women all over the world and the way, in particular, it looks like a perfect answer.
But in that then, I was worried about the point that I was using people to figure out that it could be female.
It will be straight as a metaphor was a control, a word and death.
And I got like a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I asked too much, with high automobiles and you get to believe that it's like the same or a man.
No one wants to be that recent woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, female, and also, the proud of it.
For me, a few things are really really right?
We measure the same side for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We have right to use it in a easy way to be able to use it in a easy way to be able to use the animals and the residential services and the residential services and the residential services of the restaurants.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have it in the way our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, experience of gender and sex and sexual consumers, and so on.
We have to have to get these differences and how to get care of the same way that matter what we have in common today.
without this kind of investment, our metal is not anything.
For me, these truth are evidence, but to be clear -- I'm a destruction.
I'm full of control.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad female.
I have another conversation.
When I go to the work, I heard music music to put all of them.
And even though the oil decided to women and I was presented by the prisoner, the classic "Stage Stephenzzeither, the Sweden Steelard of the Tom Telescope is amazing.
"I do it with your short shop.
Well, I mean, moving up until you get the control?
Think about it.
He could put it up, right?
I am completely distributed by my musical hero.
I believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- all the
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The role is my favorite color is.
It was excited about the mothers of the way and the things that are beautiful.
And I can see "The Barley, and the corruption of the corruption, and I have a lot of surgery of the homes of the heroes that are doing reality.
Some of my doctors are more depressed.
If a woman wants to add the application of his market, it's your choice -- and I'm not a player for you.
If a woman decided to stay in home to create their kids -- I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes an equivalent that is exploring through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is consumed in a way that makes women end up when they grow up.
We solve this problem.
And I remember the conversation that has come up or described the needs of the women in the color -- the workers and the workers, the working and transparency of the white women.
You know, if that is good methodology I'm a very bad one.
It also happens the next thing -- as a sense, I feel a lot of pressure.
So we have this ability to put female females in a perspective.
We hope that they want to go into the perfect people.
When you tell us, you will take them up with a lot of like the same leaders where we put them.
As I said, I am a destination, I was a destruction of that oil before they try to put there.
A lot of women, particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector, they have fear of being strange as females.
They have a fear of passion and say, "Yes, I'm a female for fear to what that signal, because of fear I can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
We take for example to Bronx, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a demonstrating female.
In the videos I was in the United States.
And it was a massive space, you see this stars of the pattern to open up the methodology and make women know the women and the young men who will be female is something to be proud of.
It spent the time, the cultural creatures began to be interviewed if I was born to be or not very fascinating.
They caught their female, instead of just create the word of an adult woman and medical woman.
We get perfect of the females, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of us to do a lot of a lot.
We're going to go far beyond the sense of sensory and conservative, to design the methodology of any woman -- it will turn it up until it doesn't be anything.
We don't need to do that.
And the bad methods, or more well, a more even more even more expensive model is the point.
But what's going on here?
We went out to recognize our infections to give you a little bit.
If I hear music music -- I'm creating a decade for artists that would be more than happy to make a complete signal.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we add the change to affect their galaxies.
It's not a difficult thing.
Why does it have their music to be so pressure?
It is hard to choose something better and so easy to make a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are straight that it makes it more difficult for women to get the water, the security that we all care and is our responsibility to be our responsibility to us.
I think of my surfaces, three and four years.
They are two managers -- decisions and bad, and also very valuable -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where they learned by the strong creatures that they are.
And I think of them, the best choice is visited as something much more easy to do.
We can all take better decisions together.
We can change the quality when a television program comes to sexual violence against women as a democracy, and it goes the John Taliban.
We can change the risk of radio when we listen to women that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the child in another part when the movie will not treat women more than as democratic object.
We can stop able to support the teachers that are going to treat their legs as balloons of battery.
In any case, the men especially can say, "No, I'm not going to be able to be able to say, "No, I'm not going to put in their project, or work with you -- until you don't even include a number of women, so much to be able to make decisions as well as to make decisions as well.
I'm not going to work with you so much of your policy, or your organization is more invented with a more anti-access game.
Those of us who are sustainable, but invited to participate in this kind of projects -- we can also help us be include until we are going to be good to save the batteries to the designers of decision for them.
Because we are no longer periods -- without these efforts, without addressed these possibilities.
We can take these little pieces of value and hope that our decisions come to the dead, and the people in the digital power and mathematicians and music, Chinese, the legal people, the people who can take big decisions -- more values to create a hard change and significant change.
We can also go up with a value of our females, well, bad or any disability.
The last line of my book, "Mountain French," says, "I would be a bad female to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons. But I say, about all, because I love my voice that I was ready and the methodology helped me get to it.
There was an increase there.
I call it international to make in front of what happened.
A couple of girls gave me when I was a young one, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
They were going to get me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And I turned my voice, and after all I didn't get to believe that something that could matter.
But I was writing up.
And with it I went back to it.
I got into a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look like me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the street street.
The words of the women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure in.
across the writing and the methodology, I also discovered that if it was a little bit, another woman could eat and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other, I put the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad female, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do and what I do, without addressed everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we all could be a little bit.
And I just after the last year of last year, 120 children in California had been able to have seen Derek or to be explained to someone who had been there.
And the virus then takes the fragmentation with Canada, including more than 100 children in Earth.
One of the traditional things about this basketball is that the said that it can be easy for a child with a demand system, it's one of the most fundamental diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this since more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Democratic Brother they had not been values because their parents had fear of something even worse -- automation.
But a moment, it was not the article that I put the audience on the audience and the demonstration of the death and demonstration and death and market for being a fragmented fragmented by the British Medicary Brother.
Do you do not believe most smart scientists the theory that values cause car is a stuff?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still going to keep sure that the values put into their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why I've been here.
So this is a group of the increase of the increase in the time.
For most of the 20th century in the 20th century, the audience was considered a very strong disease.
So the few people and the leaders that had heard about it to create all of their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades of decades, they were still just three or four children for every 10 dollars.
But then, at the age of 2010, the numbers started going on.
In order to run out of the faces like Australia Sanders are really really really really replaced by the audience as an epidemic as if I could tell you about another child in Democratic.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of Congo Consumers what is going on, they tend to go down in fragiles as a collection of distribution and "business, and a better amount of cases?
But that kind of language doesn't use a lot of the fear of a young mother that would look at the face of their two years of two years -- the visual contact of it.
If you have to go out, you had to go up, why were they so really represented to the principle?
Why were the cases of automatically hard to find before the age of 1975.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than a little bit less than you can do with the legal progress and the science of the science that with the power of the nation.
For most of the 20th century of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the audience is and how it was discovered -- but that story turned out to be family, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in the global public health.
There was a second story of the audience that had been lost and engaged in the dark conditions of the clinical lifetime.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
And the first story starts with an infection paradigm, read Kansas, from the Honor Jones Hollywood Anderson: Justine published an article that discovered about 11 young patients that seem to be able to have private world, decided to the people of their around, even to their own parents, even to their own parents, even to their own people.
They could be fun for hours for hours in their face -- but they were presented from the pressure for often as when they didn't get their favorite play in their favorite place without knowing them.
And on the basis of the patient patients in their computer, Kanzi special that the audience is very fast.
And by the age of 1990, as a main authority of the world in the subject of the world of the world that had seen less than 150 different cases of their sea as they remember places of places as far as South Africa.
And this is actually not excited, because the creatures of Kansan for the audience distance were very representative.
For example, they were able to give that drug to kids with controlled, but now we know that experience is very common in the audience.
One time he had turned to nine of every 10 children involved by other doctors in his consumption to be automatically without giving them a distance of authority.
Kanda was an intelligent man, but part of their theory were not cold.
It takes the audience as a form of infection properties caused by front and searches.
And these kids, he said, they have been connected in a record that doesn't describe.
At the same time, though, Katrina noticed that some of their young people had special skills that are running in certain areas like the music and the mathematics and the memory and the market.
One of the kids in his clinical could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite diagrams, he said, "The really said "The Big.
But Darwin had a bad forget of these skills -- they would find things like the kids were just taking out of what they had heard to their favorite parents -- supporting them to win their application.
As a result, the audience became a source of vision for the families and two generation of young children were sent to the institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world.
And it was not until the age of 17 than the researchers started to test the theory of Kanzi that the audience was running.
World World, Professor Congolese production -- I thought that the theory of the black mothers in Japan was pretty strange.
She and her wife went up and they were completely climate and anti-police, and they had a deep high school called San.
And John knew how hard it was to create a child like San without sub-Saharan education, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnostic.
In order to stop the National National service that they needed more resources for the open children and their families and the Boston and his colleagues John decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They were doing a study of architecture in the general population.
They put a substance of London called Congress to try to find the children in the community.
What you saw left that the Wall model was too late -- because the reality.
A few children couldn't talk about it, while other people were based on the show of the anticipation, in the distributions or the generation of reality.
On the other way, these kids were not going to go into the black and sense of boards and savings, as James, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the modern model of Kanda would have produced.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one had heard of these children before.
But I went to find a region to an article to an article in 1960, the next year, the next year, and then it goes down, and then it goes down in the content of a terrible time.
I knew about this article of the company, but it would be particularly going to be able to do it in their own work.
There was not even a transportation to English -- but by the way, the Martin Martin was talking about, and he took it for it.
The doctor is an alternative story of the audience.
His car was a man called Halley Sandy, who gave an entire community with an interesting school in the 1980s in the 1980s.
The ideas. The ideas of support for the teaching of children with learning of learning were even productive for the conditions of the controlled.
The morning in their climate started with kinds of explosions with music, and children are following their games on the last one.
Instead of walking up to the parents to cause autism, and they add it as a professional democracy of life that they require companies of support and space spaces for the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their clinical as patients as patients called their little teachers -- and it was decided to help in the development of education of education of education that were especially right.
For exactly I looked at the audience as a different against a different amount of dollars that would put up a lot of dollars and distribution.
And he believed that the car and the cars were community and they always have been -- and they have always been -- looking at it from this conference in architecture in the cultural culture of the culture as the social scientists and the product of the designers.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art.
He went up and Jack discovered that John was wrong. He was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked in the subject with the American U.S. in order to add the crisis of the drugs that will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be called "successfully, and they call the automation.
At the end of the 80 and early 1990s, their changes came up in virus, saving the limited model of Kanzi for one of the analysis and even as well as an end of San.
These changes were not going to go on the right way.
Compared, when I went up and John worked between the background to reduce these creatures -- people from all the world see an open adult for the first time.
And before I was able to come up with "The Mary Mary, I just had a little charge, I just knew what the audience was like, but after the international accident of Democratic Honor like Richard Bangladesh and the Red Randly, with four privates of the American and private, professionals, professionals and parents from all the world knew what it was like.
And at the same time, they were inspired by the first very easy clinical conditions of using the authority.
I had no longer to have a connection with that little amount of experts to get a difference for their child.
The combination of "The Martin March, the changes in the creatures and the interaction of these drugs created a network of network.
The number of drugs started to take up, just like they put London and Japan, in fact they would expect that it would be that the people with car and their families finally had the support and the services that are straight.
So George Washington was going to run to the values for the distances in the diagrams, a simple -- you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, possible story as bad as the Karahan theory that the audience was interested.
So if the current issue of the center of the pressure that one of the 18 children in the United States are in the species, it's right -- the cars are one of the largest modern groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are the police to solve for new medical activists, and by looking at the terms of the network to reduce the variations of the human code of the human control.
One way to understand the neurons is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a GDP doesn't work with Wars, it doesn't mean that it's running.
By the artists -- the normal human brain, the normal human brain is easily distributed, and so on.
However, people are absolutely distributed to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still coming up to Alexander, who believed that the colleagues, for the most advanced aspects of the automobile and the most important companies with spaces, companies of support communities -- and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A car woman called Jack Zappines once said, "We need all the hands in front to understand the ball of human humanity.
As we go back to a future future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow them to take a brain.
Thank you.
